 George J. Abe Lecturer in Law B.A. Mathematics, UCLA, 1969 M.S. Business, Quantitative Methods, UCLA, 1971 Biography Courses George Abe teaches Entrepreneurship and Venture Initiation . He is also is a lecturer and Faculty Director of the Strategic Management Research (SMR) Program at the UCLA Anderson School of Management. His teaching responsibilities include entrepreneurship, business plan development and field study program advisories. He was Business Development Manager for the UCLA Office of Intellectual Property, which is responsible for patent protection and commercialization of UCLA research. Previously, he was a venture partner with Palomar Ventures, a VC firm in Santa Monica, California. Before Palomar, he was a Business Development Manager at Cisco Systems. Prior to that he was with Infonet Services Corporation (NYSE:IN, now BT) where he designed Infonet's IP data service. From 1998 until 2006, he was a member of the board of directors of Switchcore AB, a publicly traded fabless semiconductor designer in Sweden. He has also held board of director positions with various startup companies and not-for-profit organizations. He is the author of Residential Broadband , which presents an analysis of high-speed residential networking, published by Cisco Press. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 abe@law.ucla.edu 
 Richard L. Abel Michael J. Connell Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus Distinguished Research Professor B.A. Harvard, 1962 LL.B. Columbia, 1965 Ph.D. School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, 1974 LL.D. (honoris causa), University of Westminster UCLA Faculty Since 1974 Biography Bibliography Richard Abel teaches Torts, Legal Profession , and Law and Social Change . Over the years, he has been president of the Law and Society Association, editor of African Law Studies and of the Law & Society Review , and member of the editorial boards of other journals in the law and society field in the United States, Europe, and Australia. He participated in the founding of the Conference on Critical Legal Studies in 1977 and helped organize the meeting on "Law and Racism: The Sounds of Silence." At UCLA, he has been faculty coordinator for the Public Interest Law Program. Professor Abel spent two years after law school reading African law and legal anthropology in London, and then a year of field work in Kenya studying the ways in which primary courts staffed by and serving the African population had preserved indigenous notions of law and procedure within European institutions. He began teaching at Yale in 1969 and spent the 1971-72 year practicing with the New Haven Legal Assistance Association. Professor Abel's books include Lawyers in the Dock: Learning from Attorney Disciplinary Proceedings (2008); English Lawyers between Market and State: The Politics of Professionalism (2003); Speaking Respect, Respecting Speech (1998); Lawyers: A Critical Reader (1997); Politics by Other Means: Law in the Struggle Against Apartheid, 1980-1994 (1995); The Law & Society Reader (1995); Speech and Respect (1994); American Lawyers (1989); The Legal Profession in England and Wales (1988); The Politics of Informal Justice (editor, 1982); and Lawyers in Society (co-editor, 1988-89). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 abel@law.ucla.edu 
 Khaled M. Abou El Fadl Omar and Azmeralda Alfi Professor of Law B.A. Yale, 1986 J.D. University of Pennsylvania, 1989 Ph.D. Islamic Studies, Princeton, 1999 UCLA Faculty Since 1998 Biography Bibliography Courses Dr. Khaled Abou El Fadl is one of the worlds leading authorities on Islamic law and Islam, and a prominent scholar in the field of human rights. He is the Omar and Azmeralda Alfi Distinguished Professor in Islamic Law at the UCLA School of Law where he teaches International Human Rights, Islamic Jurisprudence, National Security Law, Law and Terrorism, Islam and Human Rights, Political Asylum and Political Crimes and Legal Systems . He is also the Chair of the Islamic Studies Interdepartmental Program at UCLA. Among his many honors and distinctions, Dr. Abou El Fadl was awarded the University of Oslo Human Rights Award, the Leo and Lisl Eitinger Prize in 2007, and named a Carnegie Scholar in Islamic Law in 2005. He was previously appointed by President George W. Bush to serve on the U.S. Commission for International Religious Freedom, and also served as a member of the board of directors of Human Rights Watch. He continues to serve on the advisory board of Middle East Watch (part of Human Rights Watch) and regularly works with human rights organizations such as Amnesty International and the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights (Human Rights First) as an expert in a wide variety of cases involving human rights, terrorism, political asylum, and international and commercial law. In 2005, he was also listed as one of LawDragons Top 500 Lawyers in the Nation . A prolific scholar and prominent public intellectual, Dr. Abou El Fadl is the author of 14 books (five forthcoming) and over 50 articles on various topics in Islam and Islamic law. He has lectured on and taught Islamic law throughout the United States and Europe in academic and non-academic environments for over twenty years. His work has been translated into numerous languages including Arabic, Persian, French, Norwegian, Dutch, Ethiopian, Russian, and Japanese, among others. Dr. Abou El Fadl is most noted for his scholarly approach to Islam from a moral point of view. He writes extensively on universal themes of humanity, morality, human rights, justice, and mercy, and is well known for his writings on beauty as a core moral value of Islam. He is one of the foremost critics of puritan and Wahhabi Islam. Dr. Abou El Fadl has appeared on national and international television and radio, and has published widely in such publications as the New York Times , Washington Post , Wall Street Journal , Los Angeles Times , Boston Review and many others. Professor Abou El Fadl is the founding advisory board member of the UCLA Journal of Islamic and Near Eastern Law (JINEL ), and an editorial board member for Political Theology , the Journal of Religious Ethics , the Journal of Islamic Law and Society , the Journal of Islamic Law and Culture , and Hawa: Journal of Women of Middle East and the Islamic World, among others. He also serves as an advisory board member for the University of Adelaide Research Unit for the Study of Society, Law and Religion (RUSSLR) in Australia; the Carnegie Corporation of New Yorks Islam Initiative Publications Project; the Harvard Press Series on Islamic Law; and the Journal of Islamic Studies (Islamabad), among others. His most recent works focus on authority, human rights, democracy and beauty in Islam and Islamic law. His book, The Great Theft , was the first work to delineate the key differences between moderate and extremist Muslims, and was named one of the Top 100 Books of the Year by Canadas Globe and Mail (Canadas leading national newspaper). His book, The Search for Beauty in Islam: A Conference of the Books , is a landmark work in modern Muslim literature. Dr. Abou El Fadl holds a B.A. in Political Science from Yale University, a J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, and an M.A. and Ph.D. in Islamic law from Princeton University. Dr. Abou El Fadl is also an Islamic jurist and scholar, having received 13 years of systematic instruction in Islamic jurisprudence, grammar and eloquence in Egypt and Kuwait. After law school, he clerked for Arizona Supreme Court Justice James Moeller, and practiced immigration and investment law in the U.S. and the Middle East. He previously taught Islamic law at the University of Texas at Austin Law School, Yale Law School and Princeton University. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 abouelfa@law.ucla.edu 
 Claire Abrams Lecturer in Law B.A. UC Berkeley M.A. UC Berkeley Ph.D. UC Berkeley J.D. UCLA School of Law Biography Courses Claire Abrams teaches Legal Research, Writing and Analysis for LL.M.s at UCLA School of Law. As a Lecturer in Law at USC Gould School of Law, she taught LL.M. Legal Writing and Advocacy . She taught government, public law and public policy in political science departments at the University of California Berkeley, University of San Francisco and University of New Orleans. Working with international students, she also taught English as a Foreign Language. Professor Abrams was a judicial extern for Judge Harry Pregerson, law clerk for the Federal Public Defender, summer associate for Miller and Nolan, LLP, and worked for the L.A. County Counsel. She had her own law oce in Los Angeles and worked with the Los Angeles County Adoptions Panel, Los Angeles County Dependency Trial Panel and the California Appellate Project. Her pro bono activities included work for the Los Angeles County Bar Associations Domestic Violence and Immigration Legal Assistance projects. She also worked for the University of California President, analyzing federal and state legislation and writing University policy, and she designed sexual harassment prevention training for University management. Her work was officially recognized by awards of three University of California Management Fellowships and assignments with the Universitys Sacramento and Washington, D.C. offices. She was subsequently appointed to direct the California Policy Center, connecting University of California faculty systemwide with government policy-makers. She received her B.A. (with High Honors and Phi Beta Kappa), M.A., and Ph.D. in Political Science from UC Berkeley and her J.D. from UCLA School of Law where she was part of the Moot Court Honors Program. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 abramsc@law.ucla.edu 
 Norman Abrams Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus Acting Chancellor Emeritus A.B. University of Chicago J.D. University of Chicago Biography Bibliography Courses Norman Abrams served as acting chancellor of UCLA in 2006-2007. He retired from the Law School faculty in 2007 with the titles of Acting Chancellor Emeritus and Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus. He continues to write in the areas of anti-terrorism law, federal criminal law and evidence, and periodically, has been recalled to teach. Abrams joined the UCLA Law School faculty and has been a member of the UCLA family since 1959. From 1991 to 2001 he served as UCLA's vice chancellor of academic personnel, overseeing faculty appointments and promotions on the campus. He served as interim dean of the law school from 2003 to 2004, and earlier had served as associate dean, from 1989 to 1991. In 2012, Abrams received the Lifetime Distinguished Service Award from the UCLA Emeriti Association. Abrams is the co-author of the sixth edition of the groundbreaking casebook on federal criminal law, Federal Criminal Law and Its Enforcement (with Beale and Klein), published in 2015. Another of his books, Anti-Terrorism and Criminal Enforcement , (5th edition, 2018), is the first casebook to deal comprehensively with the evolving field of anti-terrorism law and the domestic criminal enforcement process. He is also a co-author of the 10th edition of Evidence - Cases and Materials (2017)(with Judge Jack B. Weinstein, et al.). Over his long career, he has written on many subjects, including prosecutorial discretion, federal criminal jurisdiction, conspiracy law, evidentiary privileges and, more recently, anti-terrorism. A native of Chicago, Abrams holds A.B. (1952) and J.D. (1955) degrees from the University of Chicago, where he was editor-in-chief of The University of Chicago Law Review . Before coming to UCLA, Abrams served as an associate in law at Columbia University Law School and as a research associate and director of Harvard-Brandeis Cooperative Research for Israel's Legal Development at the Harvard Law School. He has been a consultant to various state and federal commissions and professional committees, and, while on leave from UCLA, in 1966-67, he was appointed a special assistant to the Attorney General of the United States, serving in the Criminal Division of the U.S. Department of Justice. He has taught as a visiting professor at Stanford University Law School, UC Berkeley Law School, the Hebrew University Faculty of Law, Bar-Ilan School of Law, University of Southern California Law School and Loyola University (Los Angeles) School of Law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 abrams@law.ucla.edu 
 E. Tendayi Achiume Professor of Law Faculty Director, Promise Institute for Human Rights B.A. Yale University, 2005 J.D. Yale Law School, 2008 UCLA Faculty Since 2014 Biography Bibliography Courses E. Tendayi Achiume is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, and Faculty Director of the UCLA Law Promise Institute for Human Rights. She is also a Research Associate with the African Centre for Migration and Society at the University of Witwatersrand. The current focus of her work is the global governance of racism and xenophobia; and the legal and ethical implications of colonialism for contemporary international migration. More generally, her research and teaching interests lie in international human rights law, international refugee law, international migration, and property. In November 2017, the United Nations Human Rights Council appointed Professor Achiume the UN Special Rapporteur on Contemporary Forms of Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, making her the first woman to serve in this role since its creation in 1993. In 2016, she was appointed to co-chair the 2016 Annual Meeting of the American Society of International Law (ASIL), and she is currently the co-chair of the ASIL Migration Law Interest Group. In 2018, she was named an Emerging Scholar by Diverse: Issues in Higher Education. Professor Achiume earned her B.A. from Yale University and her J.D. from Yale Law School. She also earned a Graduate Certificate in Development Studies from Yale. Professor Achiume clerked for Deputy Chief Justice Dikgang Moseneke and Justice Yvonne Mokgoro on the Constitutional Court of South Africa. Following her clerkships, she was awarded the Bernstein International Human Rights Fellowship to work for the Refugee and Migrant Rights Project unit at Lawyers for Human Rights in Johannesburg. Professor Achiume also taught on the faculty of the International Human Rights Exchange Programme based at the University of the Witwatersrand. She then joined the New York office of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP as a litigation associate. Immediately prior to her current appointment she was the second recipient of Binder Clinical Teaching Fellowship at UCLA School of Law. Professor Achiumes publications include: "Migration as Decolonization," 71 Stanford Law Review 1509 (2019) (selected for the 2018 Harvard-Stanford-Yale Junior Faculty Forum); "Governing Xenophobia," Vanderbilt Journal of Transnational Law (forthcoming 2018); Syria and the Responsibility to Protect Refugees, 100 Minnesota Law Review 687, (2015); and Beyond Prejudice: Structural Xenophobic Discrimination Against Refugees," 45(2) Georgetown Journal of International Law 323 (2014). Professor Achiume is a core faculty member of the UCLA Law School Promise Institute for Human Rights, the Critical Race Studies Program, and the Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 achiume@law.ucla.edu 
 Susan Akens Executive Director, Ziffren Center for Media, Entertainment, Technology and Sports Law Professor from Practice B.S. Rutgers College of Pharmacy, Rutgers University, 1985 J.D. University of Virginia School of Law, 1988 Biography Courses Susan Akens is Executive Director of the Ziffren Center for Media, Entertainment, Technology and Sports Law at UCLA School of Law and Professor from Practice. Akens was Executive Vice President, Business Affairs at CBS Studios International from 2006-2014, during which time she handled a broad range of entertainment law matters including playing a key role in CBS expansion into the digital/OTT arena. While at CBS she oversaw all international business and legal affairs, set strategy for the division and led a team based in the United States and Europe. Prior to CBS she was Executive Vice President, Business Affairs at Paramount Pictures International Television and, before that, Special Counsel to the entertainment department of OMelveny & Myers LLP. Akens graduated from Rutgers College of Pharmacy, Rutgers University with Highest Honors and is a registered pharmacist. She earned her J.D degree from the University of Virginia School of Law. She has spent the last 25 years active in the non-profit arena in Los Angeles, working with organizations such as the Alliance for Childrens Rights, assisting in community efforts such as Los Angeles Works and the Jordan High School Scholarship Program, and serving on the Boards of Directors of the Womens Care Cottage and the American Red Cross, Los Angeles Chapter. Akens work has been recognized with several awards including the Presidents Volunteer Service Award. She is also a member of ChIPS . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 akens@law.ucla.edu 
 Alex Alben Lecturer in Law A.B. Stanford University, 1980 J.D. Stanford Law School, 1984 Biography Courses Alex Alben will teach Privacy, Data, and Technology at UCLA School of Law. He previously served as Chief Privacy Officer for the State of Washington where he led the states effort to create privacy programs regarding consumer protection and data management. He was also an executive at RealNetworks and Starwave, where he supervised product development and built new departments within growing companies. Alben has represented the high tech industry in national and global policy groups and testified before the U.S. House, Senate and Copyright Office on copyright and media issues resulting from the growth of the Internet and online networks. In 2004, he ran for the U.S. Congress from Washington's 8th district. He has worked for an alternative energy company founded by Bill Gates, raised an early-stage venture fund for start-up companies emerging from the University of Washington and authored a study for the UW and City of Seattle on developing incubators and attracting start-up companies. Alben received his A.B. with distinction from Stanford University, and his J.D. from Stanford Law School. His publications have appeared in the Seattle University Law Review , Stanford Law & Policy Review , University of Washington Law Policy Law Journal , The Seattle Times , and The New York Times among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 alben@law.ucla.edu 
 Scott R. Ames Lecturer in Law B.A. UC Berkeley, 1985 J.D. Santa Clara University Law School, 1989 Biography Courses Scott Ames co-teaches Employment Law with Steven Kaplan. Mr. Ames currently operates his own law practice in Los Angeles and was previously a partner at Serratore Ames LLP and Taylor, Miller, and Ames. He and has been litigating wrongful termination, discrimination, harassment, family and medical leave, pregnancy disability leave, unfair competition and trade secret matters, wage and hour class actions, and other employee rights cases for twenty-six years. He has obtained settlements and verdicts for his clients totaling more than a hundred million dollars, and he has established a well-deserved reputation as one of the top Labor and Employment lawyers in Southern California. Mr. Ames' demonstrated record of success has resulted in him being named among the Top 100 Attorneys in Southern California in 2012, 2013 and 2015 by SuperLawyers and Los Angeles Magazine , and recognized by SuperLawyers and Los Angeles Magazine in the field of Labor and Employment Law from 2007 to the present. Mr. Ames was awarded Lawyer of the Year in Employment Law Individuals (Los Angeles) in 2015 and 2017 by Best Lawyers, and been recognized by Best Lawyers in the field of Employment Law - Individuals from 2006 to the present. Mr. Ames speaks frequently at legal programs throughout California on employment law, is a long-standing member of the Executive Committee of the Los Angeles County Bar Associations Labor and Employment Section, and a long-standing member of the California Employment Lawyers Association. Mr. Ames is also active in his community, and has served on a number of committees and boards of non-profit organizations which seek to improve the lives of the disenfranchised or the working poor. Mr. Ames earned his B.A. in History at UC Berkeley, and his J.D. from Santa Clara University Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 ames@law.ucla.edu 
 Iman Anabtawi Professor of Law B.A. Pomona College, 1984 M.A. Philosophy, Politics, and Economics, Oxford University, 1986 J.D. Stanford Law School, 1989 UCLA Faculty Since 2000 Biography Bibliography Courses Iman Anabtawi teaches in the Corporate Law Specialization with an emphasis on teaching transactional skills in courses such as Merger and Acquisition Transactions and Business Associations . She has also co-taught Introduction to the Lawyer-Client Relationship to first-year law students. At Oxford University, Professor Anabtawi was a Marshall Scholar, receiving an M.A. (in philosophy, politics, and economics). At Stanford Law School, she was articles editor of the Stanford Law Review , won the Hilmer Oehlmann, Jr. First Year Writing Award, and received the John M. Olin Prize in Law and Economics. She clerked for the Honorable Laurence H. Silberman of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, and then Justice Sandra Day O'Connor of the U.S. Supreme Court. She then spent eight years with the firm of O'Melveny & Myers where she practiced both tax and corporate law. During this time, Anabtawi specialized in mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances, funds and acquisition vehicles, and financial products, as well as general corporate representation. Professor Anabtawi has written and published numerous articles in corporate law. You can access her papers on the Social Science Research Network (SSRN) at the following URL: http://ssrn.com/author=104468 . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 anabtawi@law.ucla.edu 
 Alison Grey Anderson Professor of Law Emerita B.A. Radcliffe College, 1965 J.D. UC Berkeley Law School, 1968 UCLA Faculty Since 1972 Biography Bibliography Alison Grey Anderson is a professor of law emerita. Professor Anderson is an outstanding teacher who has received the University's Distinguished Teaching Award and the Eby Award for the Art of Teaching (1988), as well as the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching (1995-96). She has devoted much of her career to curricular reform and the improvement of law teaching. In 2000-01 she was selected as a Carnegie Scholar by the Carnegie Academy for the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning, and Professor Anderson has continued to share her expertise in teaching with others by leading teaching workshops. Anderson was the first faculty coordinator of the David J. Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy, and she served in that capacity for five years. In 2001 she received the Fredric P. Sutherland Public Interest Award which recognizes public service contributions by a faculty member. As a student at UC Berkeley Law School (Boalt Hall), Professor Anderson was articles editor of the California Law Review . After law school, she clerked for Judge Simon Sobeloff, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, before entering private practice with Covington & Burling. Anderson joined the law school faculty in 1972, and she served as Associate Dean of the UCLA School of Law in 2003. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 anderson@law.ucla.edu 
 Charles T. Anderson Lecturer in Law B.A. Vassar College, 1999 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2007 Biography Courses Charles Anderson teaches Criminal Trial Advocacy . From 2007 to 2016, he served as a trial attorney with the Los Angeles County Public Defender. In this capacity, he handled cases across a spectrum of state criminal prosecutions ranging from misdemeanors to juvenile delinquency court to complex and serious felonies. He has tried 69 cases to a jury including 30 felony jury trials. Anderson earned his B.A. cum laude from Vassar College where he won the Ordan Prize for Philosophic Excellence with the Promise of Teaching. He received his J.D. from UCLA School of Law (Order of the Coif) where he won the Burton Marks Prize for best performance in an advanced criminal law class. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 andersonc@law.ucla.edu 
 Peter L. Arenella Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. Wesleyan University, 1969 J.D. Harvard, 1972 UCLA Faculty Since 1987 Biography Bibliography Courses Peter Arenella teaches Criminal Law, Criminal Procedure, and seminars on moral agency and criminal law excuse theory. In 1999 he received the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. He is a nationally recognized criminal law and procedure scholar, writing about the relationship between criminal and moral responsibility by exploring competing conceptions of criminal culpability and moral agency at work in immaturity and mental disability defenses (e.g., insanity, diminished capacity, mental retardation). His moral agency work in philosophical and legal journals has generated considerable commentary and is frequently cited in ongoing debates about the justifications for criminal punishment. He has also written extensively on the privilege against self incrimination and grand jury practices. Professor Arenella clerked for the Chief Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court and practiced criminal law as both a public defender and private counsel. He then taught at Rutgers, the University of Pennsylvania, and Boston University, where he won that university's prize for excellence in teaching. State and federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have cited Professor Arenella's articles, and congressional committees have sought his advice and testimony. He gives annual lectures on Supreme Court decisions to federal and state appellate judges and speaks regularly on criminal law issues to civic groups, attorneys, judges, law faculty, and students across the country. He has worked as a legal consultant for ABC News, National Public Radio, and in Los Angeles KNX radio and KTLA Channel 5, and he achieved national prominence for his media commentary on the O.J. Simpson and other trials. He is a fanatical Boston Red Sox fan. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 arenella@law.ucla.edu 
 Sameer Ashar Vice Dean for Experiential Education and Professor of Law B.A. Swarthmore College, 1991 J.D. Harvard law School, 1996 UCLA Faculty since 2018 Biography Bibliography Courses Sameer Ashar is Vice Dean for Experiential Education and Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. He was previously Clinical Professor of Law at UC Irvine School of Law and co-director of the UC Irvine Immigrant Rights Clinic. He served as Associate Dean for Clinical Programs at City University of New York School of Law. Ashar focuses both his clinical practice and scholarship on the relationship of law to racial and economic subordination. He has defended individuals before the Executive Office for Immigration Review, the Board of Immigration Appeals, and the U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Second and Fifth Circuits. He has represented immigrant workers in litigation against exploitative employers in state and federal court, as well as before the National Labor Relations Board, Equal Employment Opportunities Commission, and California Division of Labor Standards Enforcement. Ashar has worked on policy advocacy and community education projects with numerous immigrant organizations including the National Day Laborer Organizing Network, UNITE HERE Local 11, Warehouse Workers Resource Center, Orange County Immigrant Youth United, Resilience OC, Colectivo Tonantzin, Restaurant Opportunities Center of New York, Domestic Workers United, Andolan Organizing South Asian Workers, New York Taxi Workers Alliance, Families for Freedom, and the Workplace Project. He is a member of the boards of the Orange County Justice Fund and Chispa. Ashars publications have appeared most recently in UCLA Law Review and California Law Review . He has served on the board of editors of Clinical Law Review and on the boards of trustees of the Clinical Legal Education Association and Swarthmore College. Ashar earned his B.A. with high honors in political science from Swarthmore College, and his J.D. cum laude from Harvard Law school where he was Lead Articles Editor for the Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review and co-chair of the Coalition for Civil Rights. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 ashar@law.ucla.edu 
 Michael Asimow Professor of Law Emeritus B.S. UCLA, 1961 J.D. UC Berkeley, 1964 UCLA Faculty Since 1967 Biography Bibliography Michael Asimow is a visiting professor at Stanford Law School. While at UCLA, he received both the University's Distinguished Teaching Award and the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. In 1994, he received the Fredric P. Sutherland Award recognizing public service contributions by a faculty member. Asimow is a past chair of the American Bar Association's Section on Administrative Law and Regulatory Practice. He is co-author of Reel Justice: The Courtroom Goes to the Movies (2006) (co - authored with Paul Bergman), a book about the great courtroom movies of the past and present, and Law and Popular Culture: A Course Book (2004) (with Shannon Mader). Asimow also co-authored a course book on administrative law, State and Federal Administrative Law (3rd ed., 2008) (with Ron Levin), as well as California Administrative Law (2002) (with Marsha Cohen). He has written numerous articles on state and federal administrative law as well as comparative administrative law (focusing on the European Union and South Africa). He has also published articles on lawyers, law firms, and legal ethics in the movies. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 asimow@law.stanford.edu 
 David Babbe Lecturer in Law B.A. UC Irvine, 1978 J.D. UCLA, 1981 Biography Courses Professor Babbe teaches Trial Advocacy, Pretrial Civil Litigation, Appellate Advocacy, Insurance for Litigators, Unfair Competition Law (in partnership with the Los Angeles City Attorney's Office) , Negotiation and Introduction to the Lawyer-Client Relationship . Professor Babbe also serves as the faculty advisor to the Moot Court Honors Program. In 2017, he received the UCLA School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. Prior to joining UCLA, Professor Babbe was a litigation partner with Morrison & Foerster, where he served as managing partner of the firms Los Angeles office and chair of the firms Los Angeles litigation department. While in private practice, he handled complex business litigation matters with special emphasis in the areas of professional liability and insurance coverage, and received professional recognition from Chambers USA (2004-09) and Best Lawyers of America (2006-09). He has served on the board of directors/trustees of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, the Association of Business Trial Lawyers, the Western Center on Law and Poverty, and the Center for Civic Mediation. Professor Babbe received his B.A. from the University of California at Irvine magna cum laude, and his J.D. from the UCLA School of Law (Order of the Coif). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 babbe@law.ucla.edu 
 Stephen M. Bainbridge William D. Warren Distinguished Professor of Law B.A. Western Maryland College, 1980 M.S. Chemistry, University of Virginia, 1983 J.D. University of Virginia, 1985 UCLA Faculty Since 1997 Biography Bibliography Courses Stephen Bainbridge is the William D. Warren Distinguished Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, where he currently teaches Business Associations , Advanced Corporation Law , and Mergers and Acquisitions . In past years, he has also taught Corporate Finance , Securities Regulation , Unincorporated Business Associations and Catholic Social Thought and the Law. Professor Bainbridge previously taught at the University of Illinois Law School (1988-1996). He has also taught at Harvard Law School as the Joseph Flom Visiting Professor of Law and Business (2000-2001), and as a visiting professor at La Trobe University in Melbourne (2005 and 2007) and at Aoyama Gakuin University in Tokyo (1999). In 2008, Bainbridge received the UCLA School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. In 1990, the graduating class of the University of Illinois College of Law voted him "Professor of the Year." Professor Bainbridge is a prolific scholar, whose work covers a variety of subjects, but with a strong emphasis on the law and economics of public corporations. He has written over 100 law review articles which have appeared in such leading journals as the Harvard Law Review , Virginia Law Review , Northwestern University Law Review , Cornell Law Review , Stanford Law Review , and Vanderbilt Law Review . Bainbridge has also written 19 books, including seven in multiple editions. His most recent books include: Outsourcing the Board: How Board Service Providers Can Improve Corporate Governance (Cambridge University Press, 2018) (with M. Todd Henderson); Business Associations: Cases and Materials on Agency, Partnerships, and Corporations (Foundation Press, 10th ed., 2018) (with Klein and Ramseyer); Mergers and Acquisitions: A Transactional Perspective (Foundation Press, 2017) (with Iman Anabtawi). According to Gregory Sisk and Brian Leiters rankings of law professors by scholarly impact, Professor Bainbridge was the third most-frequently cited scholar in corporate and securities law for the period 2013-2017. According to Hein Online , Bainbridge is the 29th most frequently cited scholar in their database of legal publications over the last 10 years and the 23rd most cited for the period January 2018 through August 2019. In SSRN.coms ranking of the top 3000 legal authors by all-time downloads , Bainbridge is ranked 10th. By that metric, he is the highest ranked member of the UCLA law school faculty. In SSRN.coms ranking of the top 3000 legal authors by all-time citations to their work , Bainbridge is ranked 55th. By that metric, he is the second highest ranked member of the UCLA law school faculty. Professor Bainbridge has been a Salvatori Fellow with the Heritage Foundation, a member of the American Bar Associations Committee on Corporate Laws, a member of the Editorial Advisory Board of the Journal of Markets and Morality , and Chair of the Executive Committee of the Federalist Societys Corporations, Securities & Antitrust Practice Group. In May 2014, Professor Bainbridge was the Cameron Fellow at the University of Auckland Faculty of Law. He was the Francis G. Pileggi Distinguished Lecturer in Law at Widener University School of Law in September 2005, and a Distinguished Visiting Scholar at the University of Maryland School of Law in November 2005. In 2008, 2011, and 2012, Professor Bainbridge was named by the National Association of Corporate Directors' Directorship magazine to its list of the 100 most influential people in the field of corporate governance. His blog, ProfessorBainbridge.com , was named by the ABA Journal as one of the Top 100 Law Blogs of 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, and 2012. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bainbridge@law.ucla.edu 
 LaToya Baldwin Clark Assistant Professor of Law B.S. University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School, 2002 M.A. University of Pennsylvania, 2008 Ph.D. Stanford University, 2014 J.D. Stanford Law School, 2014 UCLA Faculty Since 2018 Biography Bibliography Courses LaToya Baldwin Clark is an Assistant Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. Previously, she was an Earl B. Dickerson Fellow and Lecturer in Law at University of Chicago Law School. She writes and teaches about education law, family law, property law, and race and discrimination. Baldwin Clark received her B.S. in Economics cum laude from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and her M.A. from the University of Pennsylvania in Criminology. She then earned her Ph.D. from Stanford University in Sociology and her J.D. from Stanford Law School. While at Stanford, Baldwin Clark was a Diversifying Academia, Recruiting Excellence Fellow and held a Stanford Graduate Fellowship. After law school, Baldwin Clark clerked for the Honorable Claudia Wilken of the Northern District of California as well as to the Honorable Goodwin Liu of the California Supreme Court. Baldwin Clarks publications have appeared or will appear in the Virginia Law Review, Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review , Sociological Inquiry , The Modern American , and Encyclopedia of Diversity in Education among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 baldwinclark@law.ucla.edu 
 Asli . Bli Professor of Law B.A., Williams College M.Phil., Cambridge University, Emmanuel College M.P.A., Woodrow Wilson School, Princeton University J.D., Yale Ph.D., Princeton University UCLA Faculty Since 2009 Biography Bibliography Courses Professor Bli is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. She was previously Faculty Director of the UCLA Law Promise Institute for Human Rights and Director of the UCLA Center for Near Eastern Studies. She currently teaches Public International Law , International Human Rights , a seminar on the Laws of War and a Perspectives seminar on Third World Approaches to International Law . Bli is a graduate of Williams College, the University of Cambridge where she was a Herschel Smith Scholar, Yale Law School and Princeton University, where she earned her Ph.D. in Politics. During law school, she served as an editor of the Yale Law Journal and the Yale Journal of International Law , and as an articles editor of the Yale Journal of Human Rights & Development . After law school, she worked for the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and as an associate at Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP, where she specialized in international transactions and sovereign representation. Bli currently serves as co-chair of the Advisory Board for the Middle East Division of Human Rights Watch and as chair of the Task Force on Civil and Human Rights for the Middle East Studies Association. Immediately prior to her appointment at UCLA, Bli served as the Irving S. Ribicoff Fellow in Law at the Yale Law School. Blis principal scholarly interests lie in two areas: public international lawincluding human rights law and the law of the international security orderand comparative constitutional law, with a focus on the Middle East. Her current research examines questions of federalism and decentralization for the purposes of addressing self-determination demands and governance goals in the transitions currently underway in the Middle East. She is also completing a project examining the post-Cold War erosion of the United Nations Charter prohibition on the use of force. She has previously written on constitutional design in religiously divided societies, the nuclear non-proliferation regime, international legal arguments concerning humanitarian intervention, and the role of judicial independence in constitutional transitions. Blis recent scholarship has appeared in the American Journal of International Law Unbound , International Journal of Constitutional Law , University of Chicago Law Review, UCLA Law Review , Yale Journal of International Law , Cornell Journal of International Law , Virginia Journal of International Law , Geopolitics , Studies in Law , Politics and Society and edited volumes published by Cambridge University Press and Oxford University Press. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bali@law.ucla.edu 
 Steven A. Bank Vice Dean for Curricular and Academic Affairs and Paul Hastings Professor of Business Law B.A. University of Pennsylvania, 1991 J.D. University of Chicago, 1994 UCLA Faculty Since 2002 Biography Bibliography Courses Steven Bank is Vice Dean for Curricular and Academic Affairs and Paul Hastings Professor of Business Law at UCLA School of Law. He has taught Federal Income Taxation, Business Associations , a nd a variety of other related courses. He was the Faculty Director of the Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy from 2013 through 2015, Vice Dean of UCLA School of Law from 2007 to 2013, and faculty director of UCLA School of Law's Program in Business Law and Policy from 2005 to 2007. Professor Bank's primary area of research generally explores the taxation of business entities through the lens of legal and business history. He has published numerous articles and chapters in the fields of business taxation, tax policy, and tax history and has authored or co-authored several books, including Anglo-American Corporate Taxation (Cambridge University Press, 2011), From Sword to Shield: The Transformation of the Corporate Income Tax, 1861 to Present (Oxford University Press, 2010), War and Taxes (Urban Institute Press, 2008), Taxation of Business Enterprises (Thomson/West, 2012) and Business Tax Stories (Foundation Press, 2005). His articles have been selected for the Stanford/Yale Junior Faculty Forum and the John Minor Wisdom Award for Academic Excellence in Legal Scholarship. He has also been a Herbert Smith Visitor at the University of Cambridge and lectured at the United Kingdom's Inland Revenue on the development of the U.S. and British corporate income taxes. His work on the double taxation of dividends was featured on a national financial news program in connection with President Bush's proposal to reform the corporate income tax. Professor Bank also is a frequent commentator on soccer law issues, applying his business and tax experience as a legal affairs contributor to the American Soccer Now website and in other publications. He explores these issues in more depth in his course on International and Comparative Sports Law as well as his Perspectives seminar on Law, Lawyering, and the Beautiful Game . During law school, Professor Bank served as Co-Editor-in-Chief of the University of Chicago Law School Roundtable , a journal of interdisciplinary legal studies, and he was a Bradley Fellow in Constitutional History. He also received the D. Francis Bustin Outstanding Comment Award and was a prize winner in the American Journal of Tax Policy student writing competition. After law school, Professor Bank clerked for the Honorable Jesse Eschbach of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit and practiced with the Dallas law firm of Hughes & Luce, focusing primarily on mergers and acquisitions and corporate and partnership tax. Prior to joining the UCLA faculty, Professor Bank was an associate professor at Florida State University College of Law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bank@law.ucla.edu 
 Stuart Banner Norman Abrams Distinguished Professor of Law B.A. Yale, 1985 J.D. Stanford, 1988 UCLA Faculty Since 2001 Biography Bibliography Courses Stuart Banner teaches Property, the Supreme Court Clinic , and a variety of other courses. Professor Banner is a legal historian who has written about a wide range of topics in American and British legal history. His books include Speculation: A History of the Fine Line Between Gambling and Investing (Oxford University Press, 2017); The Baseball Trust: A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption (Oxford University Press, 2013); American Property: A History of How, Why, and What We Own (Harvard University Press, 2011); Who Owns the Sky? The Struggle to Control Airspace from the Wright Brothers On (Harvard University Press, 2008); Possessing the Pacific: Land, Settlers, and Indigenous People from Australia to Alaska (Harvard University Press, 2007); How the Indians Lost Their Land: Law and Power on the Frontier (Harvard University Press, 2005); The Death Penalty: An American History (Harvard University Press, 2002); Legal Systems in Conflict: Property and Sovereignty in Missouri , 1750-1860 (University of Oklahoma Press, 2000); and Anglo-American Securities Regulation: Cultural and Political Roots, 1690-1860 (Cambridge University Press, 1998). He has received fellowships from the National Endowment for the Humanities, the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, the Fulbright Scholar Program, and the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. Professor Banner, as the director of UCLAs Supreme Court Clinic , has represented parties in several recent U.S. Supreme Court cases, including Murphy v. Smith , 138 S. Ct. 784 (2018); Matal v. Tam , 137 S. Ct. 1744 (2017); Nelson v. Colorado , 137 S. Ct. 1249 (2017); Utah v. Strieff , 136 S. Ct. 2056 (2016); Torres v. Lynch , 136 S. Ct. 1619 (2016); Betterman v. Montana , 136 S. Ct. 1609 (2016); and Heffernan v. City of Paterson , 136 S. Ct. 1412 (2016). Professor Banner graduated from Stanford Law School, where he was articles editor of the Stanford Law Review . He clerked for Judge Alex Kozinski of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and Justice Sandra Day OConnor of the U.S. Supreme Court. He practiced law at Davis Polk & Wardwell and at the Office of the Appellate Defender, both in New York. Before coming to UCLA, he taught at Washington University in St. Louis. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 banner@law.ucla.edu 
 James D. C. Barrall Senior Fellow in Residence, Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy B.A. UC Davis, 1972 J.D. UCLA, 1975 Biography Jim Barrall is a Senior Fellow in Residence at the Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy. Prior to joining the Institute in January 2017, Barrall was a partner of Latham & Watkins LLP for 30 years where he chaired the firms executive compensation and benefits practice and Los Angeles Tax Department. Before joining Latham, Barrall was an associate and then a partner of Ervin, Cohen and Jessup. At Latham and ECJ Barrall represented companies, Boards of Directors, Compensation Committees and executives on executive compensation and benefit matters in myriad contexts. Barrall is a nationally recognized expert and frequent author, contributing editor and lecturer on executive compensation, corporate governance, tax, disclosure and other regulatory matters. Barrall is a co-author of the chapter on extensions of credit to directors and officers in the American Bar Associations Practitioners Guide to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and has lectured at the UCLA School of Law, the UCLA Anderson School of Management, the Aresty Institute of Executive Education at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, and Stanfords Rock Center for Corporate Governance. Since 2010, Chambers U.S.A. has listed Barrall in Band 1 nationwide and as its sole star California lawyer in its Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation rankings. Barrall is a member of the Advisory Boards of the UCLA School of Law and the Lowell Milken Institute, and of the Boards of the Inner City Law Center, a non-profit provider of legal and other services to veterans, the homeless and the underserved in Los Angeles, and of the Friends of Jazz at UCLA. Barrall graduated from the University of California at Davis in 1972, with a B.A. degree in Philosophy, and earned his J.D. degree from the UCLA School of Law in 1975, where he served on the UCLA Law Review. In 2008 Barrall was named the Alumni of the Year for Professional Achievement by the UCLA School of Law and in 2016 he was awarded the Distinguished Achievement Award by the University of California Davis Alumni Association. The Los Angeles County Bar Association awarded him the 2018 Dana Latham Award, as a then-living leader of the Los Angeles tax bar who has made an outstanding contribution to the community and to the legal profession in the field of taxation." : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 barrall@law.ucla.edu 
 Elizabeth Bawden Lecturer in Law B.A. Wheaton College J.D. UCLA School of Law Biography Courses Elizabeth Bawden is a partner at Withers Bergman LLP, specializing in estate planning, planned giving and tax exempt organizations. She teaches Estate and Gift Tax at UCLA School of Law. She received her B.A. cum laude in Philosophy from Wheaton College and her J.D. from UCLA Law School, specializing in tax law and business law. As part of the US Trust, Estate and Charitable Planning Group at Withers Bergman LLP, Ms. Bawden represents clients in matters related to family wealth transfers for large estates, sophisticated estate and gift tax saving techniques, charitable planned giving, family private foundations, business succession planning, and complex probate and trust administrations. She also regularly represents tax-exempt organizations in formation, organizational and operational issues. She is certified by the California Board of Legal Specialization as a legal specialist in Estate Planning, Trust and Probate Law. After receiving her J.D., Ms. Bawden clerked for the Honorable Wiley Y. Daniel in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. She is frequently featured as a speaker at continuing education programs. Ms. Bawden is a fellow in The American College of Trust and Estate Counsel (ACTEC). Election as an ACTEC fellow is one of the highest honors a trusts and estates attorney can receive. Fellows are selected on the basis of professional reputation and ability in the fields of trusts and estates, and on the basis of having made substantial contributions to these fields through lecturing, writing, teaching, and bar activities. Bawdens publications include "Accomplishing Clients' Estate Planning Goals in a Post-ATRA Environment" in Best Practices for Structuring Trusts and Estates (Aspatore Books, a Thomson Reuters business, 2015 ed.); "Planning for Non-Traditional Families" in Mittra, Sid; Sahu, Anandi; and Starn, Jr., Harry (Eds.); Practicing Financial Planning for Professionals (11th ed. American Academic Publishing, 2012); and "Here Today, Gone Tomorrow Three Common Mistakes Courts Make When Police Lose or Destroy Evidence with Apparent Exculpatory Value," 48 Clev. St. L. Rev. 335 (2000). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bawden@law.ucla.edu 
 David Beglin Law & Philosophy Fellow B.A. University of Rhode Island, 2010 M.A. University of California, Riverside, 2014 Ph.D. University of California, Riverside, 2018 Biography Courses David Beglin is a Postdoctoral Fellow in Law and Philosophy at UCLA School of Law for 2018-2020. Prior to joining UCLA, he was completing his graduate work at the University of California, Riverside. Currently, he is pursuing a research project on the moral psychology and ethics of responsibility. His work has appeared in anthologies and academic journals, including Ethics and Philosophical Studies . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 
 Paul Bergman Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. UCLA, 1965 J.D. UC Berkeley, 1968 UCLA Faculty Since 1970 Biography Bibliography Courses Paul Bergman joined Professor David Binder in pioneering the School of Law's Clinical Program in 1970. Since he became an Emeritus Professor, he primarily teaches Evidence . Prior to retirement he regularly taught courses such as Trial Advocacy , Film and the Law , and Street Law (a seminar in legal communication in which students taught legal concepts to high school students). Professor Bergman is regularly invited to give film clip-based presentations to groups of lawyers and judges all over the country. He has received the University's Distinguished Teaching Award and an award from the American Trial Lawyers Association for Excellence in Teaching Trial Advocacy. He was also awarded the Dickson Emeritus Professorship Award from UCLA Emeriti Relations for outstanding research, scholarly work, teaching and service since retirement. Professor Bergman likes to play tennis, and often commutes by bicycle from Pasadena to UCLA. As a law student, he felt it his duty to keep levity in the classroom, a practice he continues as a teacher, earning him the gratitude of his students. In the field of lawyering skills Professor Bergman has co-authored Deposition Questioning: Strategies and Techniques (with Binder and Moore) (2001); Depositions in a Nutshell (with Binder, Moore and Light) (2016); Trial Advocacy: Inferences, Arguments, Techniques (with Moore and Binder) (1996); Lawyers as Counselors: A Client Centered Approach (with Binder, Tremblay and Weinstein) (3rd ed., 2012); Fact Investigation- From Hypothesis to Proof (with Binder) (1984); and Trial Advocacy in a Nutshell (6th ed., 2016). For Nolo Press, Bergman has created four books for laypeople who want to be educated clients or pro se litigants, including Nolo's Deposition Handbook (with Moore) (6th ed., 2014; 7th ed. forthcoming 2018); Represent Yourself in Court (with Berman-Barrett) (9th ed., 2016); The Criminal Law Handbook (with Berman-Barrett) (15th ed., 2017); and Criminal Law: A Desk Reference (3rd ed., 2016). Bergman is a co-author of the widely-used law school evidence textbook Evidence Law and Practice (with Taslitz and Friedland) (6th ed., 2014; 7th ed. forthcoming 2018). Bergman is also a co-author of Cracking the Case Method- Legal Analysis for Law School Success (with Goodman and Holm) (2nd ed. 2018). And, with Professor Michael Asimow, he has written about popular culture, movies, and the law in Reel Justice: The Courtroom Goes to the Movies (2nd ed., 2006). Each edition of Reel Justice has been published in China in a Chinese language edition. Along with Rabbi Mark Borovitz, Paul has also written You Matter- Ten Spiritual Commitments for a Richer and More Meaningful Life (2018). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bergman@law.ucla.edu 
 Justin Bernstein Director of A. Barry Cappello Program in Trial Advocacy Lecturer in Law B.A. UC Berkeley, 2003 J.D. New York University School of Law, 2006 Biography Courses Before joining UCLA, Professor Bernstein was an attorney for the Orange County offices of OMelveny & Myers and Haynes & Boone, where he represented Fortune 500 companies, public-traded corporations, small businesses, and officers and directors in securities lawsuits and other commercial litigation. Professor Bernstein has long maintained a passion for teaching and coaching trial advocacy. In 2014, he became the youngest person ever inducted into the American Mock Trial Associations Coaches Hall of Fame. He has coached 10 trial advocacy teams to national or world championships at the law school, collegiate, and high school levels. His law students have won the Top Gun National Mock Trial Competition (2015, 2018) and Tournament of Champions (2017); his undergraduate students at University of California, Irvine and New York University three times finished their seasons as the number one ranked teams in the United States. Professor Bernstein is the former president of the American Mock Trial Association and a current member of its board of directors. He previously taught trial advocacy at the University of California, Irvine for nine years and developed its law schools trial competition. He was an Assistant Professor and Associate Director of Trial Advocacy at Drexel University Thomas R. Kline School of Law. A graduate of the University of California, Berkeley, he earned his law degree from New York University School of Law. At Berkeley he won three All-American Attorney Awards in trial advocacy competitions, and at NYU he won both school-wide closing argument competitions. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bernstein@law.ucla.edu 
 Joseph Berra Clinical and Experiential Project Director B.A. St. Louis University, 1981 M.Div. Universidad Centroamericana, 1990 M.A. University of Texas at Austin, 1994 J.D. St. Marys University School of Law, 1997 Biography Courses Joseph Berra is Clinical and Experiential Project Director at UCLA School of Law. His teaching and research interests include immigrant rights, international human rights, and the rights of Afrodescendant and Indigenous peoples in Central America, in the context of clinical legal education. From 2009-2015, Professor Berra served as an attorney for the Texas Civil Rights Project (TCRP) in Austin, where he was coordinator of the Disability Rights Program and the Austin Independent School District Equity Project. Previously, Professor Berra had an independent law practice working in the areas of immigration law, civil rights, employment rights and international human rights from 2006-2009. As Executive Director of the Caribbean Central American Research Council (CCARC), Professor Berra led this non-profit organization from 2004-2006 carrying out research, education and advocacy involving issues of race, rights and resources in Central America. He continues to serve on the Board of Directors for CCARC. Professor Berra was a staff attorney at the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund (MALDEF) in San Antonio from 2000-2004 where he coordinated the Immigrant Rights program of MALDEFs San Antonio Regional Office. Professor Berra is a successful advocate and litigator whose accomplishments include winning a major settlement in a racial profiling case against the city of Rogers, Arkansas, and winning political asylum cases for individuals fleeing persecution from all over the world. He represented on a pro bono basis Honduran Garifuna communities and the Organizacin Fraternal Negra Hondurea (Fraternal Black Organization of Honduras OFRANEH) in land rights claims before the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights. Prior to his legal career he spent many years working in communities in Central America in a variety of roles including acting as the assistant director of a trade school for disenfranchised youth in Honduras, and as the Director of Social Ministries and Associate Pastor of the parish of San Antonio Abad, Archdiocese of San Salvador, El Salvador. As a member of the Board of Directors of CCARC, Professor Berra co-authored two studies in 2002 and 2007 to support the territorial claims of Afrodescendant and indigenous communities in Honduras. Professor Berra holds a J.D. from St. Marys University School of Law; an M.A. in Social Anthropology from the University of Texas at Austin; an M.Div. from the Universidad Centroamericana in San Salvador, El Salvador; and a B.A. in Philosophy from St. Louis University. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 berra@law.ucla.edu 
 David A. Binder Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus A.B. UCLA, 1956 LL.B. Stanford, 1959 UCLA Faculty Since 1970 Biography Bibliography Courses David Binder is a Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus who was a pioneer in developing clinical methods of teaching law. He is a recipient of both the University's Distinguished Teaching Award and the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching, and after only two years at UCLA, the Class of 1972 elected him Professor of the Year. In 2001, the School of Law honored him with a special award commemorating his thirty years of dedication to clinical legal education. Before joining the School of Law, Professor Binder was a partner in the law firm of Brown & Brown in Los Angeles and served as director of litigation for the Western Center on Law and Poverty between 1969 and 1970. He has spent several summers teaching introductory courses on American law at various universities in China. Professor Binder has published pioneering clinical scholarship, including several books with Professors Albert Moore and Paul Bergman that grow out of his focus on fact development and its relation to inferential proof and argument at trial, including Demystifying The First Year of Law School: A Guide to the 1L Experience with Albert J. Moore (2009), Deposition Questioning Strategies and Techniques (2001) and Trial Advocacy: Inferences, Arguments, Techniques (1996). He also co-authored Lawyers as Counselors: A Client Centered Approach (3rd Edition) with Professor Paul Bergman, Susan Price and Paul Tremblay of Boston College Law School (2012). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 binder@law.ucla.edu 
 Diane Birnholz Lecturer in Law B.S. University of Pennsylvania, 1985 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1990 Biography Courses Diane Birnholz is excited to teach Criminal Trial Advocacy again this semester. She has a long association with the law school, including as a Lecturer teaching Criminal Trial Advocacy and Lawyering Skills , and as a part-time Admissions Officer. Diane earned her B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School of Business at University of Pennsylvania in 1985. She attended UCLA School of Law where she received her J.D. in 1990 with Order of the Coif honors. While in law school, Diane was a Teaching Assistant for Legal Research and Writing , a Moot Court participant, and worked as a Certified Law Clerk at the Los Angeles County District Attorneys Office. Diane then clerked for U.S. District Court Judge Irving Hill of the Central District of California. Following her clerkship, Diane served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Criminal Division of the U.S. Attorneys Office here in Los Angeles. She prosecuted a wide variety of criminal defendants in federal court, including takeover-style armed bank robbers, fraudsters preying on senior citizens with telemarketing schemes, and defendants charged with conspiracy, assault, narcotics, escape, and gang firearms crimes. She argued multiple appeals before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Diane received a Special Achievement Award from the U.S. Department of Justice for her sustained superior performance of duty, and was honored by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service in appreciation for her outstanding and dedicated service. Diane recently finished writing her first novel, a legal murder mystery/thriller, which she hopes to get published. She is a member of the UCLA Law Women LEAD Network and has been a member of the Deans Circle Giving Society for over ten years. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 birnholz@law.ucla.edu 
 Gary L. Blasi Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. University of Oklahoma, 1966 M.A. Political Science, Harvard, 1969 UCLA Faculty Since 1991 Biography Bibliography Courses Gary Blasi joined the UCLA faculty in 1991 with a distinguished 20-year record of public interest practice. He teaches clinical and public interest lawyering courses, including Fact Investigation in Complex Matters and Clinical Seminar in Public Policy Advocacy . He is one of the founding and core faculty of the law school's unique David J. Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy. He practices, teaches, conducts research and writes about advocacy on behalf of children in substandard schools, homeless families and individuals, low income tenants, low wage workers, veterans, and victims of discrimination. He has received numerous awards for distinction in the field of public interest law and for providing legal services to the poor. In 2007, he was named one of the top 100 lawyers in California, cited as the "go-to lawyer for community groups in need of advice." In 2013, he received the California State Bars Loren Miller Legal Services Award, given to one lawyer in California each year for his or her work in extending legal services to the poor. Professor Blasi's research draws on cognitive science and social psychology to better understand how lawyers acquire expertise, how people understand the causes of problems like homelessness or poverty, how advocates can best deal with the consequences of racial and other stereotypes, and how large bureaucracies can better respond to the needs of poor people and people living with disabilities. He has also served as Director of the UCLA Institute for Research on Labor and Employment, which supports research and education on issues critical to working people, taught at Stanford and lectured at universities in England, Australia, Brazil, Hong Kong and China. Professor Blasi became a lawyer without attending law school. After graduate study at Harvard, where he was a Graduate Prize Fellow and Woodrow Wilson Fellow, Professor Blasi served as a legal apprentice in a community law office in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, where he also began his practice. In 1978, he joined the Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles, where he coordinated advocacy including complex litigation in the areas of housing, welfare, homelessness, and redevelopment. Professor Blasi took emeritus status in 2012, but continues to teach one semester each year and maintains an active pro bono practice, working with community groups and in collaboration with the leading public interest and pro bono law firms in California. He is Special Counsel to the Opportunity Under Law Initiative at the Public Counsel Law Center and Of Counsel at the Western Center on Law and Poverty. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 blasi@law.ucla.edu 
 Grace Ganz Blumberg Distinguished Professor of Law Emerita B.A. University of Colorado, 1960 J.D. State University of New York at Buffalo, 1971 LL.M. Harvard, 1974 UCLA Faculty Since 1979 Biography Bibliography Courses Grace Blumberg continues to teach Community Property on recall . Her primary areas of research are marital property, family, and social welfare law. She was a Reporter for the American Law Institute's Principles of the Law of Family Dissolution (2002), for which she authored the chapters on child support and nonmarital cohabitation and was named Justice R. Ammi Cutter Reporter. A gifted teacher who made significant contributions to the School of Law's Academic Support Program, Professor Blumberg received the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching in 1989 and the University's Distinguished Teaching Award in 1999. Before joining UCLA, Professor Blumberg clerked on a New York appellate court, was a teaching fellow at Harvard Law School, and spent five years on the SUNY Buffalo Law School faculty. Professor Blumberg has authored, in addition to the ALI Principles , the casebook Community Property in California (7th ed., 2016), Blumberg's California Family Code Annotated (23rd ed., 2017) and many law review articles. She also writes bi-monthly commentary for California Family Law Monthly and authors amicus curiae briefs in family law and community property cases before the California Supreme Court and Court of Appeal. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 blumberg@law.ucla.edu 
 Lance Bocarsly Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA, 1984 J.D. UCLA, 1987 Biography Courses Lance Bocarsly is a founding partner of Bocarsly Emden Cowan Esmail & Arndt LLP. His practice focuses on all aspects of the acquisition and development of, and investment in, real property. He specializes in affordable housing, and community and economic development transactions. He has extensive experience representing developers, syndicators, and investors with various tax credits, and has generated tens of thousands of residential units for low income tenants all over the United States. He teaches Real Estate Law Clinic: Affordable Housing . Professor Bocarslys publications include: Community Land Trusts: A Growing Trend in Affordable Home Ownership (with Julie Curtin), ABA Journal of Affordable Housing and Community Development Law (Summer, 2008); Tax-Exempt General Partners and the IRS: Defenestrating the Myth of Private Inurement and Public Benefit, ABA Journal of Affordable Housing and Community Development Law (Fall, 1997); Real Property Tax Exemptions In Affordable Housing Transactions, ABA Journal of Affordable Housing and Community Development Law (Winter, 1993); and, Scenic Rivers Designation Maintained, U.C.L.A. Journal of Environmental Law and Policy (Spring, 1985). Professor Bocarsly was formerly a partner in Bingham McCutchen LLP, and Riordan & McKinzie in Los Angeles. He has also served on the Governing Committee of the American Bar Associations Forum on Affordable Housing and Community Development Law from 1994 through 2003, and has served as the Chair of the Forum from 2001 to 2002. Professor Bocarsly was elected a Fellow of the American College of Real Estate Lawyers in 2012 and was recognized by the UCLA School of Law Real Estate Law Association as its Alumnus of the Year in 2013. Lance Bocarsly earned his B.A., cum laude , from the University of California, Los Angeles (1984) and his J.D. from the UCLA School of Law (1987). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bocarsly@law.ucla.edu 
 William Boyd Professor of Law B.A. University of North Carolina, 1989 M.A. University of California, Berkeley, 1994 Ph.D. University of California, Berkeley, 2002 J.D. Stanford Law School, 2002 UCLA Faculty since 2018 Biography Bibliography Courses William Boyd is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law and Professor at UCLAs Institute of the Environment and Sustainability. Boyd was previously Professor of Law and John H. Schultz Energy Law Fellow at University of Colorado Boulder School of Law. His primary research and teaching interests are in energy law and regulation, climate change law and policy, and environmental law. Much of his recent scholarship has been motivated by two related concerns: (1) how particular ways of thinking have structured the manner in which problems are framed in energy and environmental law and, in turn, how they have shaped specific regulatory responses; and (2) how particular forms of energy and environmental governance are emerging in the context of a plural, fragmented and increasingly global set of institutions and actors. Professor Boyd continues to be actively involved in climate, energy, and environmental policy matters at multiple levels of governance. Since 2009, he has served as the Project Lead for the Governors' Climate and Forests Task Force (GCF) , a unique subnational collaboration of 38 states and provinces from Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Indonesia, Ivory Coast, Mexico, Nigeria, Peru, Spain, and the United States that is working to develop regulatory frameworks to reduce emissions from deforestation and land use. Boyd is also the founding Director of the Laboratory for Energy & Environmental Policy innovation (LEEP) , a policy innovation lab based in Boulder, Colorado that works with partners around the world to develop and support real-time policy experiments, establish robust networks for learning and exchange, and contribute to effective and durable policy outcomes. Professor Boyd received his B.A. from University of North Carolina, where he was a Morehead Scholar, his M.A. and Ph.D. from UC Berkeleys Energy and Resources Group, and his J.D. from Stanford Law School, where he served as Articles Editor of the Stanford Law Review . After law school, Boyd clerked for the Honorable Diana Gribbon Motz of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit. He then served as American Association for the Advancement of Science Congressional Science Fellow and Counsel on the Democratic minority staff of the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment & Public Works, and practiced energy, environmental, and climate change law with the firm of Covington & Burling, LLP in Washington D.C. Professor Boyds recent scholarship has appeared in UCLA Law Review , Ecology Law Quarterly , and the Yale Journal on Regulation among others. His 2015 book The Slain Wood: Papermaking and its Environmental Consequences in the American South was awarded the 2016 Edelstein Prize by the Society for the History of Technology. View Professor Boyd's CV : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 boyd@law.ucla.edu 
 Taimie L. Bryant Professor of Law B.A. Bryn Mawr College, 1975 M.A. Anthropology, UCLA, 1978 Ph.D. UCLA, 1984 J.D. Harvard, 1987 UCLA Faculty Since 1988 Biography Bibliography Courses Taimie Bryant teaches Property , Nonprofit Organizations , and Animals and the Law . Professor Bryant has published several articles on Japanese law, focusing primarily on family law in Japan. However, since 1995 she has been interested primarily in animal law. She teaches classes in that subject, and in 1998 she was the lead drafter of California state legislation to shift animal sheltering from killing to saving lives. That legislative work resulted in Bryant's serving as a consultant regarding the extent to which the animal shelter legislation was a state mandate requiring reimbursement of local government. She has also written two articles about the legislation and its aftermath. Professor Bryant's recent scholarship concerns issues of theory in animal law. In a paper entitled Trauma, Law, and Advocacy for Animals, she draws on social science and medical literatures that document the traumatic effects of witnessing violence that society has not yet recognized. She applies that literature in the context of advocates for animals, arguing that some forms of legal activism that seem ineffective for helping animals actually increase public activism and understanding of animal suffering, thereby making other forms of legal change more likely. Professor Bryant also utilizes the literature of social justice activism in feminism and disability rights areas in order to inform activism for animals. In particular, she seeks to combine the approaches of radical feminism and social justice activism in her work on animal protection. Professor Bryant earned a doctorate in anthropology from UCLA. She uses her training in anthropology to inform her work on nonprofit organizations, animal law, and property law. She is also developing projects that combine social science with law, supported by funds from a generous endowment by Bob Barker to UCLA Law School for the purpose of animal rights law teaching and scholarship. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bryant@law.ucla.edu 
 Holly J. Buck Emmett Climate Engineering Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy M.Sc. Lund University, 2011 Ph.D. Cornell University, 2017 Biography Holly Buck is an Emmett Climate Engineering Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law for 2019-2020. Her research focuses on environmental sociology, science and technology studies, and international agriculture and rural development. She is cross-appointed with UCLAs Institute of the Environment and Sustainability. Buck received her B.A. from the University of Maryland Baltimore County, her M.Sc. in Human Ecology from Lund University in Sweden, and her Ph.D. in Development Sociology from Cornell University. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 buck@law.ucla.edu 
 Daniel J. Bussel Professor of Law B.A. University of Pennsylvania, 1981 J.D. Stanford, 1985 UCLA Faculty Since 1991 Biography Bibliography Courses Professor Daniel Bussel's principal academic fields are contract law and bankruptcy. For over two decades at UCLA Law, he has taught Bankruptcy, Contracts, Corporate Reorganizations, Commercial Law, and Professional Responsibility . Since 2001, Professor Bussel has also been a partner at Klee Tuchin Bogdanoff & Stern LLP, a premier business reorganization and corporate insolvency boutique law firm. He brings both theoretical insights and relevant practical experience in bankruptcy to his classes at the law school. Upon graduating from law school, Professor Bussel clerked for Justice Stephen G. Breyer, then of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit in Boston, and U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor. Thereafter, he served for one year as an associate independent counsel for the U.S. Department of Justice in connection with the criminal investigation of the Wedtech scandal. Professor Bussel later practiced law at O'Melveny & Myers in Los Angeles, specializing in corporate reorganizations. He is a Member of the American Law Institute, Fellow at the American College of Bankruptcy and is listed in Southern California Super Lawyers and Best Lawyers in America . Professor Bussel's most recent casebooks include Bankruptcy (with Professor David Skeel) (10th ed., 2015) and Contract Law and Its Application (9th ed., 2016). His scholarship ranges over a wide variety of bankruptcy, commercial law, contract, jurisdiction and legal process, and professional responsibility issues, generally in the context in the context of sophisticated commercial bankruptcy litigation and transactions. Professor Bussels law practice has included representation of debtors (Jefferson County Alabama, Thorpe Insulation Co., Enron Creditors Recovery Corp., Pure Beauty Inc., Fountain View, Inc.), bondholder committees, creditors of all stripes, bankruptcy trustees and creditors' committees. In addition to the debtor representations listed above, he has represented key constituents in the chapter 11 cases of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Temecula Valley Bancorp, IndyMac Bancorp, Washington Mutual, American Suzuki, PG&E National Energy Group, Werner Ladder, ZiLOG, Inc., Malden Mills, Sunterra, Read-Rite, Strouds, and Global Health Sciences, as well as in many out-of-court restructuring and advisory matters. He has briefed and/or argued appeals before the Supreme Court of the United States, the Ninth Circuit, the Tenth Circuit, the Eleventh Circuit and the Delaware Supreme Court as well as in numerous district court proceedings. Published opinions in which Professor Bussel served as appellate counsel include Stern v. Marshall (US Supreme Court); In re Penrod (US Supreme Court (on cert.) and 9th Cir.); Continental Insurance Co. v. Thorpe Insulation Co. (9th Cir. and US Supreme Court (on cert.)); and Motor Vehicle Insurance Co. v. Thorpe Insulation Co. (9th Cir.). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 bussel@law.ucla.edu 
 K. Charles Cannon Lecturer in Law B.A. Duke University J.D. Columbia University School of Law M.B.A. University of Pennsylvania Biography Courses Professor Cannon will teach Cannabis Law and Regulation at UCLA School of Law. He is currently President at Chartres Capital Management, LLC, a private equity firm with controlling and minority interests in firms across a range of industries including manufacturing, online media, and pharmaceuticals. He was formerly an investment banker with Morgan Stanley and Houlihan Lokey, where he served as a Director and ran bank M&A. Professor Cannon was a Senior Counsel in the Division of Enforcement and Counsel to one of the Commissioners at the Securities and Exchange Commission. He has advised some of the largest cannabis multi-state operators (MSOs), including one of the first U.S. cannabis companies to achieve a public valuation exceeding $1 billion. Cannon received his B.A. cum laude from Duke University, his J.D. from Columbia University School of Law where he was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar, and his M.B.A. from the Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania. He clerked for the Honorable Chief Judge Norman C. Roettger of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida (Miami). Cannon previously taught law at the University of Miami. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 cannon@law.ucla.edu 
 Julie D. Cantor Lecturer in Law B.A. Stanford University, 1994 M.A. Psychology, Stanford University, 1995 J.D. UC Berkeley-Boalt Hall, 2000 M.D. Yale University, 2005 Biography Courses Dr. Julie Cantor is a Lecturer in Law where she teaches Health Law & Policy and Reproductive Rights, Medical Ethics & the Law . She is a national expert on issues that fall at the intersection of medicine and law. Dr. Cantors work has been published in national journals, including the New England Journal of Medicine , and she has been widely quoted in national and international media, from CBS News to The New York Times to The Lancet . Over the past two decades, she has lectured to physicians, lawyers and the public on many issues in law and medicine. Dr. Cantor is a litigator and among other representations, she has written amicus briefs on behalf of groups with interests in health and justice that have been submitted to state and federal courts, including the Supreme Court of the United States. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 cantor@law.ucla.edu 
 Devon W. Carbado Associate Vice Chancellor of BruinX for Equity, Diversity and Inclusion The Honorable Harry Pregerson Professor of Law B.A. UCLA, 1991 J.D. Harvard, 1994 UCLA Faculty Since 1997 Biography Bibliography Courses Devon Carbado is the Honorable Harry Pregerson Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law and the former Associate Vice Chancellor of BruinX for Equity, Diversity and Inclusion. He teaches Constitutional Criminal Procedure , Constitutional Law , Critical Race Theory , and Criminal Adjudication . He has won numerous teaching awards, including being elected Professor of the Year by the UCLA School of Law classes of 2000 and 2006 and received the Law School's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching in 2003 and the University's Distinguished Teaching Award, the Eby Award for the Art of Teaching in 2007. In 2005 Professor Carbado was an inaugural recipient of the Fletcher Foundation Fellowship. Modeled on the Guggenheim fellowships, it is awarded to scholars whose work furthers the goals of Brown v. Board of Education . In 2018, he was named an inaugural recipient of the Atlantic Philanthropies Fellowship for Racial Equity. Professor Carbado writes in the areas of employment discrimination, criminal procedure, implicit bias, constitutional law, and critical race theory. His scholarship appears in law reviews at UCLA, Berkeley, Harvard, Michigan, Cornell, and Yale, among other venues. He is the author of Acting White? Rethinking Race in Post-Racial America (Oxford University Press) (with Mitu Gulati) and the editor of several volumes, including Race Law Stories (Foundation Press) (with Rachel Moran), The Long Walk to Freedom: Runaway Slave Narratives (Beacon Press) (with Donald Weise), and Time on Two Crosses: The Collective Writings of Bayard Rustin (Cleis Press) (with Donald Weise). A board member of the African American Policy Forum, Professor Carbado was the Shikes Fellow in Civil Liberties and Visiting Professor of Law at Harvard Law School in 2012. Professor Carbado graduated from Harvard Law School in 1994. At Harvard, he was editor-in-chief of the Harvard Black Letter Law Journal , a member of the Board of Student Advisors, and winner of the Northeast Frederick Douglass Moot Court Competition. Carbado joined the UCLA School of Law faculty in 1997. He served as Vice Dean for Faculty and Research at the School of Law from 2006-07, and again in 2009-10. Professor Carbado is currently working on a series of articles on affirmative action and a book on race, law, and police violence. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 carbado@law.ucla.edu 
 George S. Cardona Lecturer in Law B.S. Yale, 1982 J.D. Yale, 1986 UCLA Faculty Since 2000 Biography Courses George Cardona teaches Criminal Trial Advocacy . His research interests include the role of criminal juries and the mechanisms of criminal discovery. Professor Cardona has been with the U.S. Attorneys Office since 1991. He was Acting United States Attorney for the Central District of California from 2006-2010, and he is currently serving as First Assistant United States Attorney. In recognition of his exceptional work, Cardona received the Director's Award for Superior Performance as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in 1996, and the Attorney General's Award for Distinguished Service in 1998 (for his work on the Symington case the trial of Arizonas sitting governor on financial fraud charges). From 1987 to 1989, he worked as an associate in the Tax Work Group of Irell & Manella in Los Angeles, and from 1989 through 1991 he worked as a Deputy District Attorney for the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office. Professor Cardona was notes and topics editor for the Yale Law and Policy Review. He then clerked for Dolores K. Sloviter of the Third Circuit U. S. Court of Appeals in Philadelphia. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 cardona@law.ucla.edu 
 Ann E. Carlson Shirley Shapiro Professor of Environmental Law Faculty Co-Director, Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment B.A. UC Santa Barbara, 1982 J.D. Harvard, 1989 UCLA Faculty Since 1994 Biography Bibliography Courses Ann Carlson is the Shirley Shapiro Professor of Environmental Law and the Faculty Co-Director of the Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at UCLA School of Law. She is a leading scholar of climate change and air pollution law and policy, the co-author of a top casebook on Environmental Law (with Dan Farber and William Boyd), and the co-editor, with Dallas Burtraw, of a book from Cambridge University Press, Lessons from the Clean Air Act: Building Durability and Flexibility into U.S. Climate and Energy Policy . She has published numerous articles in leading law reviews, including California, Harvard, Michigan, Northwestern, and UCLA. Carlson is currently serving as the Speaker of the California Assemblys representative to the Independent Emissions Market Advisory Committee. She is a frequent media commentator and blogs at Legal Planet . She is the recipient of the UCLA Distinguished Teaching Award, the Eby Award for the Art of Teaching and the Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching, and is the 2017 University of California Sustainability Champion. Carlson is a magna cum laude graduate of both UC Santa Barbara and Harvard Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 carlson@law.ucla.edu 
 Jennifer M. Chacn Professor of Law A.B. Stanford University, 1994 J.D. Yale Law School, 1998 UCLA Faculty since 2018 Biography Bibliography Courses Jennifer M. Chacn is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. She was previously Chancellors Professor of Law and Senior Associate Dean for Administration at UC Irvine School of Law. Chacns research focuses in the fields of immigration law, constitutional law and criminal law and procedure. Her research has been funded by grants from the National Science Foundation and the Russell Sage Foundation. She is a co-author of the 2017 casebook Immigration Law and Social Justice (Aspen Press) and of numerous articles, essays and book chapters on citizenship, immigration, border control and human trafficking. Professor Chacn is a member of the American Law Institute. She serves on the executive committee of the American Association of Law Schools Section on Immigration, the Ninth Circuit Advisory Committee on Rules of Practice and Internal Operating Procedures, the Advisory Committee of the American Bar Foundations Future of Latinos in the U.S. project, and the University of Oxford Border Criminologies Advisory Group. She is also a Fellow of the American Bar Foundation (ABF). Professor Chacn was an associate of the New York law firm of Davis Polk and Wardwell from 1999-2003, after clerking for the Honorable Sidney R. Thomas of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. She began her career in law teaching at the UC Davis School of Law, where she received the Distinguished Teaching Award. She has also held appointments as a Visiting Professor of Law at Stanford Law School and at Harvard Law School. She holds a J.D. from Yale Law School and an A.B. in International Relations from Stanford University. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 chacon@law.ucla.edu 
 Duane Champagne Professor of Sociology and American Indian Studies Emeritus Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. North Dakota State University, 1973 M.A. North Dakota State University, 1975 Ph.D. Harvard University, 1982 Biography Duane Champagne is Professor Emeritus of Sociology and American Indian Studies at UCLA, and Professor of Law Emeritus at UCLA School of Law. He earned his B.A. in Mathematics from North Dakota State University in 1973, his M.A. from North Dakota State University in 1975, and his Ph.D. in Sociology from Harvard in 1982. He is currently a member of the Faculty Advisory Committee for the UCLA Native Nations Law and Policy Center, and is Acting Director of the UCLA School of Laws Tribal Learning Community and Educational Exchange (TLCEE). Professor Champagne served previously as the Director of the UCLA American Indian Studies Center from 1991-2002 and as editor of the American Indian Culture and Research Journal from 1986-2003. He has authored or edited over one hundred publications including Native America: Portraits of the Peoples , The Native North American Almanac , and Social Order and Political Change: Constitutional Governments Among the Cherokee, Choctaw, Chickasaw and Creek . Champagnes research focuses primarily on issues of social and cultural change in both historical and contemporary Native American communities. He has written about social change in a variety Indian communities including: Cherokee, Tlingit, Iroquois, Delaware, Choctaw, Northern Cheyenne, Creek, California Indians, and others. For more information on Professor Champagne's work, please visit the Department of Sociology and the American Indian Studies Interdepartmental Program . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 champagne@law.ucla.edu 
 Minji Cho Lecturer in Law B.A. Seoul National University, 1999 J.D. Columbia University School of Law, 2006 M.B.A. University of Pennsylvania, 2017 Biography Courses Minji Cho will co-teach M&A Transactions at UCLA School of Law. She is currently Chief Visionary Officer at Inner Dimension Media, Inc., an online yoga, meditation, and self-development platform. She was previously General Counsel of Riot Games, Inc. and worked in the corporate transaction departments of Latham & Watkins, LLP and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP. Cho received her B.A. cum laude from Seoul National University, her J.D. from Columbia University School of Law where she was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar, and her M.B.A. from the Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania where she was a Palmer Scholar. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 cho@law.ucla.edu 
 Eugene K. Chong Partner, Chong IP Law Group Lecturer in Law B.S. UC San Diego, 2004 J.D. UCLA, 2007 M.S. Cal State Los Angeles, 2012 Biography Courses Eugene K. Chong teaches Patent Law Clinic at UCLA School of Law. He is a founding member of Chong IP, a boutique intellectual property law firm based in Pasadena, CA. Previously, Eugene was a patent attorney with a law firm in Los Angeles prosecuting high tech patent applications for universities and venture-backed startup companies. He was also a member of the firms trial team where he second-chaired a patent infringement lawsuit to verdict in the Middle District of Florida. In addition, Eugene was a Tech Transfer Fellow with the UCLA Office of Intellectual Property and a Deputy District Attorney in the Compton Branch of the Los Angeles County District Attorneys Office. Eugene earned his B.S. in Bioengineering from UC San Diego, J.D. from UCLA School of Law, and M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Cal. State University, Los Angeles. He externed for the Honorable Terry J. Hatter Jr., United States District Court, Central District of California. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 chong@law.ucla.edu 
 Amber Christ Lecturer in Law B.A. Earlham College, 2001 J.D. Washington University School of Law, 2006 Biography Courses Amber Christ teaches Public Interest as part of UCLA School of Laws part-time externship program. She is currently the Health Team Directing Attorney at Justice in Aging working on national and California health care policy in Justice in Agings Los Angeles office. She was formerly at Legal Aid of Western Missouri as Director of the Medical Legal Partnership at St. Lukes Hospital in Kansas City, Missouri. Prior to attending law school, she worked as a social worker in a long-term care facility. Christ earned her B.A. from Earlham College where she was awarded the Paul Whitely Prize in Psychology. She subsequently earned her J.D. from Washington University School of Law with a Certificate of Public Interest with Highest Distinction. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 christ@law.ucla.edu 
 Timothy Chung Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA J.D. Southwestern Law School Biography Courses Timothy Chung will teach Contracts for Foreign Lawyers at UCLA School of Law. He is currently Associate General Counsel at Westwood Financial in Los Angeles, a real estate investment and management firm where Chung oversees the legal department and handles lease documentation, asset management, financing, acquisition and disposition. Chung received his B.A. from UCLA, and his J.D. from Southwestern Law School. He has previously taught Secured Transactions and Contracts at USC Gould School of Law and Real Estate Transactions and Commercial Leasing at Southwestern Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 chungt@law.ucla.edu 
 Dale Cohen Special Counsel, "Frontline" Director of Documentary Film Legal Clinic B.A. Syracuse University, 1980 J.D. Northwestern University School of Law, 1983 Biography Courses Dale Cohen is Director of Documentary Film Legal Clinic at UCLA School of Law, where he leads a group of student-clinicians providing pro bono legal services to documentary filmmakers. He also teaches News Media Law in the Digital Age . His research interests include media, entertainment, and communications law. Dale also serves as Special Counsel to FRONTLINE, the awardwinning PBS documentary series where he counsels and leads the news team and producers on legal issues and ethical standards. His extensive experience as a media lawyer, litigator and news executive includes positions at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, NPR, Cox Enterprises, Inc. and Tribune Company. Dale was also a litigation partner at the law firm of Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal (now Denton's) in Chicago. Dale's teaching experience includes media law courses at University of North Carolina School of Law, Emory College, University of Maryland, and Northwestern University. He is a frequent speaker at documentary film festivals and media law conferences. Dale earned his B.A. cum laude at Syracuse University and his J.D. cum laude at Northwestern University School of Law. He is co-author of leading textbook Media and the Law (2nd ed., LexisNexis). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 cohen@law.ucla.edu 
 Beth A. Colgan Professor of Law B.A. Stanford University, 1995 J.D. Northwestern University School of Law, 2000 UCLA Faculty Since 2014 Biography Bibliography Courses Beth Colgan is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. Her primary research and teaching interests are in criminal law and procedure and juvenile justice. Prior to joining the Law School, she was a Thomas C. Grey Fellow and Lecturer in Law at Stanford Law School. Professor Colgan is one of the countrys leading experts on constitutional and policy issues related to the use of economic sanctions as punishment and particularly on the Eighth Amendments excessive fines clause. In addition to her interest in the intersection between criminal legal systems and poverty, Professor Colgans research also investigates the treatment of juveniles in juvenile and adult criminal contexts and indigent defense. Her recent scholarship has appeared or is forthcoming in the California Law Review , Duke Law Journal , Iowa Law Review , UCLA Law Review , Vanderbilt Law Review , William and Mary Law Review , and the Yale Law Journal Forum , among others. Professor Colgan received the UCLA Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching (2019) and the 2019 graduating class selected her as Professor of the Year. Professor Colgan earned her B.A. from Stanford University and her J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. After law school, she worked as an associate for Perkins Coie LLP (2000-05), litigating a variety of matters in federal and state court and engaging in extensive pro bono work focusing primarily on access to competent indigent defense counsel and post-conviction representation of juveniles tried in adult criminal courts. From 2006-11, Professor Colgan worked as the Managing Attorney of the Institutions Project at Columbia Legal Services, representing juveniles and adults confined in prisons, jails, and mental health facilities in civil rights litigation, collateral appeals, and legislative advocacy. Professor Colgan has been recognized for her work including as the recipient of the Washington State Bar Association Thomas Neville Pro Bono Award, the Northwestern University Children & Family Justice Center Alumni Award, and the Stanford Law School Pro Bono Distinction Award. She continues to serve as a consultant on issues related to punishment, juvenile justice, and access to counsel. Twitter: https://twitter.com/Beth_Colgan : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 colgan@law.ucla.edu 
 Amelia M. Collins Lecturer in Law B.A. Brown University, 2001 J.D. Loyola Law School, 2006 Biography Courses Amelia Collins teaches Legal Research and Writing at UCLA School of Law. Prior to joining the faculty, Ms. Collins practiced at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP for the first seven years of her career, after which she moved to Greenberg Glusker Fields Claman & Machtinger LLP, before becoming Of Counsel at Early Sullivan Wright Gizer & McRae LLP. Her litigation practice centered on representing clients in business, entertainment, real estate, and employment matters. Ms. Collins received her B.A. from Brown University, and her J.D. from Loyola Law School, from which she graduated magna cum laude and Order of the Coif. During law school, Ms. Collins served as a Note and Comment Editor of the Loyola of Los Angeles Law Review , where her work appears in the December 2005 issue. She also externed for the Honorable R. Gary Klausner of the United States District Court, Central District of California. Before law school, Ms. Collins worked in the Civil Rights Division of the United States Department of Justice. Her work there focused on the desegregation of public schools. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 collins@law.ucla.edu 
 Jeffrey B. Conner Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA Ph.D. Harvard University J.D. Harvard Law School Biography Courses Jeffrey Conner is Lecturer in Law and teaches Transactional Skills at UCLA School of Law. He was previously Senior Vice President and General Counsel at Frontier Communications Corporation, a Fortune 500 telecommunications company with $9 billion in annual revenue. Before that, he was Vice President and Associate General Counsel at Dole Food Company, Inc. Conner's principal areas of focus were M&A, corporate finance, securities, and corporate law and governance. He also handled numerous other types of transactions, managed the lawyers reporting to him, and oversaw litigation. Conner obtained his B.A. summa cum laude from UCLA where he received the UCLA Alumni Association Outstanding Senior Award. He graduated with his Ph.D. in Economics from Harvard University, and his J.D. magna cum laude from Harvard Law School where he was on Harvard Law Review . He also clerked for the Honorable Anthony J. Scirica of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. After law school, he was an associate at Dykema Gossett PLLC and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 conner@law.ucla.edu 
 Kerith Conron Blachford-Cooper Distinguished Scholar & Research Director, The Williams Institute B.A. Mary Washington College, 1994 M.P.H. Boston University School of Public Health, 1997 Sc.D. Harvard School of Public Health, 2007 Biography Kerith Conron is the Blachford-Cooper Distinguished Scholar and Research Director of the Charles R. Williams Institute on Sexual Orientation Law and Public Policy at UCLA School of Law. She was previously a research scientist and faculty scholar with the Fenway Institute, and Associate Research Scientist for the Institute on Urban Health Research at Northeastern University. Dr. Conron is a social and psychiatric epidemiologist whose work focuses on documenting and reducing health inequities that impact sexual and gender minority (LGBTQ) populations. As a scholar, Conron is considered a leader and major contributor in the field of LGBTQ health. She is committed to altering the landscape of adversity and opportunity for the most marginalized LGBTQ communities through collaborative activities that impact the social determinants of health. Conron has been supported by NIMHD to conduct community-based participatory research with LGBTQ youth of color and by NICHD to train scholars in LGBTQ population health research. She has been published in American Journal of Public Health , Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine , and Psychological Medicine , among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 conron@law.ucla.edu 
 Anthony Consoli Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA, 2008 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2011 Biography Courses Mr. Consoli teaches M&A Due Diligence at UCLA School of Law, a course he authored and initially taught at the University of Southern California Gould School of Law over several years. Mr. Consoli is a founding partner of MCLLP, a boutique law firm expert in structuring and negotiating complex transactions in the fields of Private Equity and Mergers & Acquisitions. MCLLP's clients are private funds and other financial institutions, high net worth investors and family offices, along with their portfolio companies, and growing, established and/or acquisitive companies. Prior to founding MCLLP, Mr. Consoli practiced with the private equity and M&A group of Kirkland & Ellis LLP in Los Angeles where he represented numerous private equity funds and their broad range of portfolio companies in complex transactions and, before that, with the corporate and securities group of Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth, P.C. in Newport Beach where he represented private equity funds and middle-market companies. Mr. Consoli received the Regents Scholarship from the University of California, Los Angeles where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in History, summa cum laude . Mr. Consoli then received a Deans Merit Scholarship from UCLA School of Law where he earned his Juris Doctor degree. Mr. Consoli also sits on the Advisory Board for the University of Southern California Gould School of Law and LACBA Corporate Law Departments Section Institute for Corporate Counsel. Among other accolades, the Los Angeles Business Journal named Mr. Consoli one of the Most Influential Private Equity Advisors in Los Angeles, and Mr. Consoli has been recognized as a Southern California Super Lawyers Rising Star in M&A over several years. Mr. Consoli is licensed to practice law in the State of California and the District of Columbia. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA 90095 consoli@law.ucla.edu 
 Charles R. Corbett Emmett Climate Engineering Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy B.A. New York University, 2012 J.D. Harvard Law School, 2019 Biography Charles R. Corbett is an Emmett Climate Engineering Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law for 2019-2021. His research focuses on climate change, global warming, and environmental policy. He has clerked previously with Earthjustice, Clean Air Task Force, and the Environmental Defense Fund. Corbett received his B.A. magna cum laude from New York University, and his J.D. cum laude from Harvard Law School, where he was awarded the T.A. Barron Environmental Fellowship. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 corbett@law.ucla.edu 
 Julie Cramer Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA, 2000 J.D. UCLA, 2003 UCLA Faculty Since 2009 Biography Courses Julie Cramer teaches Legal Research and Writing to first year students and teaches upper division clinical courses in writing and editing and the Criminal Defense Clinic . Professor Cramer currently serves as the coordinator of the Legal Research and Writing program designing curriculum and training new faculty along with teaching the Advanced Writing Seminar to 2L students enrolled as Writing Advisors. For the past 9 years, Professor Cramer has co-taught the Criminal Defense Clinic representing state and federal defendants in criminal proceedings including pretrial, trial and post-conviction work. With the clinic, she successfully represented a man serving a life sentence in federal prison obtain executive clemency from President Obama in 2016, and successfully represented multiple clients secure pardons from Governor Brown in 2018. Prior to joining the faculty, Professor Cramer practiced at Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher LLP for almost 7 years in Los Angeles. Her practice focused on white collar criminal defense where she conducted nationwide internal investigations for publicly and privately held corporations and represented an individual defendant in an 8-week conspiracy and fraud trial. Professor Cramer also worked pro bono representing Los Angeles foster youth in their pursuit of Individual Education Plans as well as individuals in landlord-tenant disputes. She is a 2003 graduate of UCLA School of Law, where she was Order of the Coif and served as a Writing Advisor. During law school, she externed for the United States Attorney's Office in the Central District of California. She also worked for the Honorable Judge Edward Rafeedie in the Central District of California. Prior to law school, Professor Cramer worked at the United States Department of Education during the Clinton administration. Her work focused on school safety initiatives and after-school programing in underserved communities. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 cramer@law.ucla.edu 
 Kimberl W. Crenshaw Distinguished Professor of Law B.A. Cornell, 1981 J.D. Harvard, 1984 LL.M. University of Wisconsin, 1985 UCLA Faculty Since 1986 Biography Bibliography Courses Kimberl Crenshaw teaches Civil Rights and other courses in critical race studies and constitutional law. Her primary scholarly interests center around race and the law, and she was a founder and has been a leader in the intellectual movement called Critical Race Theory. She was elected Professor of the Year by the 1991 and 1994 graduating classes. She now splits her time each year between UCLA and the Columbia School of Law. At the University of Wisconsin Law School, where she received her LL.M., Professor Crenshaw was a William H. Hastie Fellow. She then clerked for Justice Shirley Abrahamson of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Professor Crenshaw's publications include Critical Race Theory (edited by Crenshaw, et al., 1995) and Words that Wound: Critical Race Theory, Assaultive Speech and the First Amendment (with Matsuda, et al., 1993). In 2007, Professor Crenshaw was awarded the Fulbright Chair for Latin America in Brazil. In 2008, she was nominated an Alphonse Fletcher Fellow. In the same year she joined the selective group of scholars awarded with an in-residence fellowship at the Center of Advanced Behavioral Studies at Stanford. You can find out more about Professor Crenshaw's work through her think tank, The African American Policy Forum, at http://aapf.org/ . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 crenshaw@law.ucla.edu 
 John W. Crittenden Senior Counsel, Cooley LLP Adjunct Faculty B.A. UCLA, 1978 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1981 Biography Courses John Crittenden teaches Trademark Law at UCLA School of Law. He is Senior Counsel at Cooley LLP in its litigation department as of January 2018, after having been partner at the firm for 29 years. He is a resident in the firms San Francisco office and has been with the firm since 1983. Crittenden's practice includes litigation and trial work in the areas of trademark, false advertising, unfair competition, and copyright, domestic and international trademark counseling and prosecution, and advice and advocacy in other intellectual property fields such as rights of publicity and the Internet. He also serves as a mediator in trademark cases. He is listed in Best Lawyers in America , Guide to the World's Leading Trademark Practitioners and Legal 500 . Crittenden received his B.A. from UCLA, and his J.D. from UCLA School of Law, where he was a member of the UCLA Law Review . After law school, he clerked for the Honorable Joyce Hens Green of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. Crittenden has been active in the International Trademark Association for nearly two decades, serving on its Board of Directors from 2006 to 2008, and has held a number of other leadership positions in the organization over the years. He serves as Chair of INTA's International Amicus Committee, is a member of its Trademark Mediators Network, and previously chaired its Emerging Issues Committee and Courts and Tribunals Subcommittee. He was also Editor-in-Chief of the INTA Bulletin , the association's twice-monthly report on trademark news to members worldwide. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 883-6463 crittenden@law.ucla.edu 
 Scott L. Cummings Robert Henigson Professor of Legal Ethics Professor of Law B.A. University of California, Berkeley, 1992 J.D. Harvard, 1996 UCLA Faculty Since 2002 Biography Bibliography Courses Scott Cummings is Robert Henigson Professor of Legal Ethics and Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, where he teaches and writes about the legal profession, public interest law, law and social movements, and community economic development. He is the faculty director of Legal Ethics and the Profession (LEAP), a program promoting research and programming on the challenges facing the contemporary legal profession. He is also a long-time member of the UCLA David J. Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy, a specialization training students to become public interest lawyers. Professor Cummingss research is focused on economic development, law and social movements, and the legal profession. His most recent book, Blue and Green: The Drive for Justice at Americas Port (MIT University Press, 2018), examines the role of lawyers in a campaign by the labor and environmental movements to transform the trucking industry at the port of Los Angeles. An Equal Place: Lawyers in the Struggle for Los Angeles , a sweeping study of how lawyers have helped to challenge inequality in one of Americas most unequal cities, is scheduled for publication by Oxford University Press in 2019. Professor Cummings is also the co-author of the first public interest law textbook, Public Interest Lawyering: A Contemporary Perspective (with Alan Chen) (Wolters Kluwer, 2012), and co-editor of a leading legal profession casebook, Legal Ethics (with Deborah Rhode, David Luban, and Nora Engstrom) (7th ed. Foundation Press, 2016). He also edited The Paradox of Professionalism: Lawyers and the Possibility of Justice (Cambridge University Press, 2011). Professor Cummings is currently co-Principal Investigator of a National Science Foundation funded study (with Richard Abel and Catherine Albiston), which examines the factors causing law students to enter and persevere in public interest careers. His key articles include: The Social Movement Turn in Law, Law & Social Inquiry (2018); The Puzzle of Social Movements in American Legal Theory, 64 UCLA Law Review 1554 (2017); "Preemptive Strike: Law in the Campaign for Clean Trucks," 4 UC Irvine Law Review 939 (2014); Privatizing Public Interest Law," 25 Georgetown Journal of Legal Ethics 1 (2012); The Internationalization of Public Interest Law, 57 Duke Law Journal 891 (2008); The Politics of Pro Bono, 52 UCLA Law Review 1 (2004); and Community Economic Development as Progressive Politics: Toward a Grassroots Movement for Economic Justice, 54 Stanford Law Review 399 (2001). Before joining the UCLA faculty in 2002, Professor Cummings clerked for Judge A. Wallace Tashima on the Ninth Circuit, and James Moran on the district court in Chicago. He began his legal career in Los Angeles building economic opportunity in low-income communities. In 1998, after clerking in Chicago, he was awarded a Skadden Fellowship to work in the Community Development Project at Public Counsel in Los Angeles, where he provided transactional legal assistance to nonprofit organizations and small businesses engaged in community revitalization efforts. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 cummings@law.ucla.edu 
 Jeffrey Dasteel Lecturer in Law B.A. UC Davis, 1974 M.A. UCLA, 1978 J.D. Loyola Law School, 1983 Biography Courses Jeff Dasteel teaches International Commercial Arbitration . Dasteel earned his J.D. cum laude from Loyola Law School in 1983, where he was Ninth Circuit editor for the Loyola Law Review . Dasteel has been a mediator and arbitrator in domestic and international matters since 2009 and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators. Dasteel retired as a litigation and international arbitration partner from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom in 2008. He serves as co-chair of the ADR Committee of the Litigation Section of the California State Bar, is a member of the Executive Committee of the North American Branch of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, and is the co-chair of the Southwest Arbitration Subcommittee for the United States Council for International Business and former member of the ICC Commission on Arbitration. Dasteels publications include: International Commercial Arbitration for Law Students (2nd ed., 2014); Co-Author, Crossing Borders: The Legislature Should Allow Parties In International Arbitrations In California To Choose Their Preferred Attorneys, Los Angeles Lawyer (November 2013) (With Natalia De La Parra Ferreiro); California Arbitration Act Update: CCP 1281.2(c) After AT&T Mobility v. Concepcion, California Business Law Practitioner , Vol. 28/Number 2 (Spring 2013);Arbitration Agreements That Discriminate In The Selection And Appointment of Arbitrators, 11 Rich. J. Global L. & Bus. 383 (2012); Co-Author, Chapter on Franchising, Business and Commercial Litigation in the Federal Courts (multi-volume treatise) (West 2012)(With John A. Donovan and Frances Kao); Chapter III.10-United States, Practitioners Handbook on International Arbitration and Mediation , 3rd Ed. (2012); International Commercial Arbitration, California Business Law Practitioner , Vol. 26/Number 3 (Summer 2011); Co-Author, Whats Money Got To Do with It?: How Subjective, Ad Hoc Standards for Permitting Money Damages in Rule 23(b)(2) Injunctive Relief Classes Undermine Rule 23s Analytical Framework, Tulane Law Review (July 2006) (With Ronda McKaig); Co-Author, American Werewolves in London, Arbitration International , Vol. 18, No.2, October 2, 2002 (With Richard Jacobs, QC). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 dasteel@law.ucla.edu 
 Eileen M. Decker Lecturer in Law B.A. New York University, 1982 J.D. New York University School of Law, 1990 M.A. Naval Postgraduate School, 2014 Biography Courses Eileen M. Decker teaches Comparative Counterterrorism Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law. She most recently served as the United States Attorney for the Central District of California in which she was appointed by President Barack Obama and was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate. As part of her duties, she served on five Attorney General Advisory Committees Civil Rights, Cyber/Intellectual Property, Terrorism/National Security, Violent and Organized Crime, and White Collar/Fraud. Ms. Decker also served as Deputy Mayor for Los Angeles from 2009-2015, for both Mayors Villaraigosa and Garcetti, in which she oversaw public safety and homeland security issues. Prior to serving as Deputy Mayor, Ms. Decker was an Assistant United States Attorney for almost 15 years, during which time she investigated and prosecuted a wide variety of cases. During her tenure as an Assistant United States Attorney, she was the first Chief of the National Security Section. She also served as Deputy Chief of the Organized Crime and Terrorism Section and as Deputy Chief of Organized Crime Strike Force. Prior to becoming an Assistant United States Attorney, Ms. Decker was in private practice for three years at the law firm of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher in Los Angeles. She also served as a law clerk to United States District Judge Gary L. Taylor in the Central District of California. Ms. Decker was recently named a Specialist with the Department of State, Bureau of Education and Cultural Affairs, a program that allows her to travel overseas to lecture and consult on issues of importance to foreign institutions and governments. Ms. Decker received her B.A. from New York Universitys School of Business & Public Administration, and her J.D. from New York University School of Law. She also served as a Wasserstein Fellow at Harvard Law School, and received her M.A. in Homeland Security Studies at the Naval Postgraduate School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 decker@law.ucla.edu 
 Jon Decker Lecturer in Law B.A. University of Pennsylvania, 1988 M.A. University of Pennsylvania, 1991 J.D. George Washington University Law School, 2016 Biography Courses Jon Decker will teach Impeaching a President at UCLA School of Law. He is currently White House Correspondent for Fox News Radio. He was previously White House Correspondent for Reuters Television and SiriusXM Radio where he also served as host of the White House Insider program on the POTUS Channel. Decker, who is an Adjunct Professor of Journalism at Georgetown University, is the only lawyer in the White House Press Corps. Decker received his B.A. in Political Science with honors from the University of Pennsylvania, his M.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania where he also worked simultaneously as an aide to U.S. Senator John Heinz, and his J.D. from George Washington University Law School where he was a Shapiro Fellow. He also studied international law at the Sorbonne in Paris. Decker has covered the Clinton, Bush, Obama and Trump Administrations, as well as 24 State of the Union Addresses, 6 Presidential elections and the Impeachment of President Clinton. He has been in the Supreme Court to cover some of the most important cases of the past two decades - including Bush v. Gore , NFIB v. Sebelius , and Windsor v. United States . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 deckerj@law.ucla.edu 
 Steven K. Derian Lecturer in Law A.B. UC Berkeley, 1974 M.A. California State University, Long Beach, 1978 J.D. UC Hastings, 1983 UCLA Faculty Since 1987 Biography Bibliography Courses Steve Derian teaches Trial Advocacy, Professional Responsibility, and Sports and the Law (in which, among other tasks, he has students engage in mock negotiations with business officials of such local teams as the Dodgers and the Lakers). He is a recipient of the Charles and Harriet Luckman Distinguished Teaching Award for Lecturers and the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. Professor Derian's interest in sports and the law grew out of his earlier undergraduate experiences at U.C. Berkeley, where he played football and baseball. He remains an avid tennis player and golfer. Before joining UCLA School of Law, he worked as a litigator at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher. Professor Derian lectures to bar association groups and to law firms on subjects related to both legal ethics and sports law. He also serves as an arbitrator in matters involving sports law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 derian@law.ucla.edu 
 Richard Dicker Lecturer in Law J.D. New York University Law School, 1987 LL.M Columbia University, 1990 Biography Courses Richard Dicker, director of Human Rights Watch's international justice program since it was founded in 2001, has been at Human Rights Watch since 1990. He started working on international justice issues in 1994 when Human Rights Watch attempted to bring a case before the International Court of Justice charging the government of Iraq with violations of the Convention to Prevent and Punish Genocide in its 1988 Anfal campaign against the Kurds. Dicker later led the Human Rights Watch multi-year campaign to establish the International Criminal Court (ICC) and participated actively in all of the preparatory sessions as well as at the Rome Diplomatic Conference. Following the Rome Statutes entry into force, he was frequently cited in the press opposing the efforts of George W. Bushs administration to derail the court between 2002-05 and he remained deeply engaged in the ICCs efforts in its establishment phase. He continues to be closely involved in issues of court performance and state support for the ICC. As the international justice program broadened its focus, he has spent time leading HRWs advocacy efforts to create and bolster meaningful accountability mechanisms for various countries. As part of an effort to strengthen other international criminal tribunals, he monitored the start of Slobodan Milosevics trial in 2002-03. Between 2003-05 he traveled several times to Iraq in an unsuccessful effort to press for an independent and impartial tribunal to prosecute Saddam Hussein. More recently, he observed national processes or the lack of those in Mali. A former civil rights attorney in New York, Dicker graduated from New York University Law School and received his LL.M from Columbia University. He teaches international justice at Columbia and UCLA Law Schools. He has written extensively on the intersection of justice and peace, the strengths and weaknesses of the nascent system of international justice as well as the challenges for accountability for the most serious crimes on todays more difficult international terrain. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 dicker@law.ucla.edu 
 Joshua Foa Dienstag Professor of Law and Political Science B.A. Harvard, 1986 M.A. Princeton, 1989 Ph.D. Princeton, 1993 UCLA Faculty Since 2010 Biography Bibliography Courses Joshua Foa Dienstags work focuses on the intersection of politics with time, history, memory and narrative. Professor Dienstag teaches classes on the political theory of the Founders and other topics at the intersection of law, politics and philosophy. Originally from New York City, he received his doctorate from Princeton University and taught at the University of Virginia for 13 years before moving to UCLA. His research focuses largely on European political theory between the 17th and 19th centuries but he has also written about the American Founding, film and Wittgenstein. His articles have appeared in American Political Science Review , Polity , Political Theory , Journal of Politics , History & Memory and New Literary History among other places. He has held fellowships from the American Council of Learned Societies and the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University. His second book Pessimism: Philosophy, Ethic, Spirit (Princeton U.P., 2006) won the Award for Excellence in Philosophy from the American Association of Publishers. His most recent book Cinema Pessimism: A Political Theory of Representation and Reciprocity (Oxford U.P.) appears in the fall of 2019. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 dienstag@law.ucla.edu 
 Alexander Dill Lecturer in Law A.B. Harvard University, 1975 M.A. Columbia University, 1979 J.D. Emory University School of Law, 1985 Biography Courses Alexander Dill will teach Financial Institution Compliance at UCLA School of Law. He is currently Lecturer, University of Chicago, where he teaches financial regulation, compliance, and risk management in the Financial Mathematics program. He was previously Senior Research Fellow at Chicago-Kent College of Law, where he authored the blog, Compliance Today: A Blog on Financial Institution Compliance , and adjunct professor in the Finance Department of DePaul Universitys Driehaus College of Business, where he taught money and banking. He worked in the finance industry since 1986, leaving it in 2015 to begin a career in academia. He spent most of his career in finance at Moodys Investors Service. Most recently at Moodys, he was Head of Global Covenant Research, which publishes reports on legal protections in leveraged finance transactions. He was Senior Credit Officer in Moodys Structured Finance Group, where he rated a wide variety of traditional and esoteric asset classes and bank-supported liquidity structures, and Global Ratings Compliance Officer for Structured Finance. Prior to Moodys, he was a Branch Chief in Trading Practices at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. He began his law career in New York, specializing in secured lending, bankruptcy issues, and bank regulatory matters. His publications have appeared in Legal and History Review , Columbia Business Law Review , and Emory Law Journal . His book Bank Regulation, Risk Management, and Compliance: Theory, Key Issues, and Problem Areas (Routledge) is scheduled for publication in late 2019. His other book-in-progress is Anti-Money Laundering Regulation and Compliance: Key Issues and Problem Areas (Edward Elgar, forthcoming 2020). He received his A.B. magna cum laude from Harvard University, his M.A. from Columbia University, and his J.D. from Emory University School of Law, where he was Executive Articles Editor of the Emory Law Journal . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 dill@law.ucla.edu 
 David Dolinko Professor of Law Emeritus A.B. Columbia, 1969 J.D. UCLA, 1980 Ph.D. Philosophy, UCLA, 1982 UCLA Faculty Since 1982 Biography Bibliography Courses David Dolinko has taught Criminal Law and Constitutional Criminal Procedure, as well as various seminars on such topics as the status of moral rights, problems of legal ethics, the nature of punishment, and the morality of capital punishment. In 1998 he received the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. While a graduate student in philosophy at UCLA, Professor Dolinko taught courses in logic at UCLA and California State University, Los Angeles. During law school he was editor-in-chief of the UCLA Law Review. After serving as law clerk to Judge Harry Pregerson of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, he completed his doctorate in philosophy. Professor Dolinko enjoys music of all kinds and has a large and varied CD collection. Equally large and varied is his collection of (inanimate) ducks and geese. Professor Dolinko has written on the death penalty, the philosophy of punishment, sentencing guidelines, and the privilege against self-incrimination. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 dolinko@law.ucla.edu 
 Sharon Dolovich Professor of Law Faculty Director, UCLA Prison Law & Policy Program B.A. Queen's University Ph.D. Cambridge University J.D. Harvard Law School UCLA Faculty Since 2000 Biography Bibliography Courses Sharon Dolovich is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, and Director of the UCLA Prison Law & Policy Program. She teaches courses on criminal law, the constitutional law of prisons, and other post-conviction topics, and her scholarship focuses on the law, policy, and theory of prisons and punishment. Dolovich has been a visiting professor at NYU, Harvard, and Georgetown, and a fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study. She served as Deputy General Counsel for the Los Angeles Citizens Commission on Jail Violence, which was charged with investigating use of force in the L.A. County Jail and making recommendations for institutional reform. She also has served as an expert witness and as a consultant on myriad prisoners rights cases, and has testified before the Commission on Safety and Abuse in Americas Prisons and the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission. Dolovichs recent book, The New Criminal Justice Thinking (co-edited with Alexandra Natapoff) was published by NYU Press in April 2017 and appeared in paperback in December 2018; her chapter, Canons of Evasion in Constitutional Criminal Law, appears in that volume. Dolovich's article on prison conditions and the Eighth Amendment (Cruelty, Prison Conditions and the Eighth Amendment, 84 NYU L. Rev. 881 (2009)) has been downloaded over 27,000 times in more than 130 countries worldwide. Click here to read an interview with Professor Dolovich about her new book, The New Criminal Justice Thinking . Work growing out of Dolovichs landmark empirical study of the LA County Jails segregation unit for gay men and trans women appeared in the American Criminal Law Review and the Journal Of Criminal Law And Criminology ; both articles were selected for inclusion in the Dukeminier Awards journal, which annually honors the best legal scholarship on sexual orientation and gender identity. Other major articles include State Punishment and Private Prisons , 55 Duke L. J. 437 (2005), and Legitimate Punishment in Liberal Democracy , 7 Buff. Crim. L. Rev. 307 (2004). The latter was selected for the 2004 Stanford-Yale Junior Faculty Forum as the best article in both criminal law and jurisprudence & philosophy, the first article ever to be selected in two categories. In 2005, Dolovich was honored by the Cornell University Program on Ethics and Public Life with its Young Scholar Award. Professor Dolovich has also written in the field of legal ethics. Her article, Ethical Lawyering and the Possibility of Integrity ," appeared in volume 70 in the Fordham Law Review . Click here to read Teaching Prison Law, Professor Dolovichs 2012 essay in the Journal of Legal Education , which argues that prison law and other post-conviction topics should be a standard component of the criminal law education of future prosecutors, defense counsel and judges alike. Click here to read Professor Dolovich's interview about the future of the California prisons, published in Boom: A Journal of California . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 dolovich@law.ucla.edu 
 Elliot Dorff Visiting Professor A.B., Columbia College, 1965 M.A. (1968), Rabbi (1970), Jewish Theological Seminary of America Ph.D., Columbia University, 1971 Biography Courses Elliot Dorff is a Visiting Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law and Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at the American Jewish University (formerly the University of Judaism). At UCLA he teaches a course in Religious Legal Systems: Jewish Law . At the Jewish Theological Seminary he was part of an intensive program in Talmud, and he earned his Ph.D. in Philosophy from Columbia University in 1971 with a dissertation in moral theory. Since then he has directed the rabbinical and master's degree programs at the American Jewish University, where he currently is Rector and Sol and Anne Dorff Distinguished Professor of Philosophy. Rabbi Dorff has been a member of the Conservative Movement's Committee on Jewish Law and Standards since 1984 and its Chair since 2007, and he served on the editorial committee of Etz Hayim , the new Torah commentary for the Conservative Movement. His papers have formulated the validated stance of the Conservative Movement on infertility treatments and on end-of-life issues, and his Rabbinic Letters on human sexuality and on poverty have become the voice of the Conservative Movement on those topics. He has chaired four scholarly organizations: the Academy of Jewish Philosophy, the Jewish Law Association, the Academy of Judaic, Christian, and Islamic Studies, and the Society of Jewish Ethics. He has served on the Carnegie Foundations Project on Professional Education entitled Life of the Mind for Practice Seminar. Rabbi Dorff holds four honorary doctorates, including Doctor of Hebrew Letters, honoris causa , Jewish Theological Seminary of America, 1996; Doctor of Humane Letters, honoris causa , Hebrew Union College, 2003; Doctor of Hebrew Literature, honoris causa , Gratz College, 2004; and, Doctor of Humane Letters, honoris causa , American Jewish University, 2011. Rabbi Dorff has published thirteen books and over 200 articles on Jewish thought, law, and ethics, and he has edited or co-edited another fourteen books on those topics. His books relevant to Jewish law include: A Living Tree: The Roots and Growth of Jewish Law (with Arthur Rosett); The Unfolding Tradition: Philosophies of Jewish Law (2005; second edition, 2011); and For the Love of God and People: A Philosophy of Jewish Law (2007). In addition he has written about 20 rabbinic rulings for the Conservative Movement's Committee on Jewish Law and Standards on such subjects as "Donations of Ill-Gotten Gain," "Violent and Defamatory Video Games," and Providing References for Schools or Jobs, as well as many topics in medical ethics. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 dorff@law.ucla.edu 
 Ingrid V. Eagly Professor of Law Faculty Director, David J. Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy A.B. Princeton University, 1991 J.D. Harvard Law School, 1995 UCLA Faculty Since 2008 Biography Bibliography Courses Ingrid Eagly is a Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, where she teaches and writes about immigration law, criminal law, and public interest lawyering. Professor Eagly also serves as Faculty Director of the David J. Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy, a specialization that trains and mentors future public interest lawyers. In 2017, she was awarded UCLAs Distinguished Teaching Award. Professor Eaglys recent scholarship has explored a range of topics, including the privatization of police policymaking; the role of sanctuary cities in the United States; the detention of families seeking asylum at the border; and barriers to access to counsel in immigration court. Her writing appears regularly in leading law reviews, and is frequently cited in the popular press. Professor Eagly received her J.D. from Harvard Law School and A.B. in Public Policy and International Relations from Princeton University. After law school, she clerked for the Honorable David H. Coar of the United States District Court in Chicago. Prior to joining the faculty at UCLA Law, Professor Eagly practiced law as a Skadden Fellow at the Legal Assistance Foundation of Chicago and as a Soros Justice Fellow at the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA). She later served as a trial attorney for the Office of the Federal Public Defender in Los Angeles. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 eagly@law.ucla.edu 
 Kristen Eichensehr Assistant Professor of Law A.B. Harvard University, 2004 M. Phil. University of Cambridge, 2005 J.D. Yale Law School, 2008 Biography Bibliography Courses Kristen Eichensehr is an Assistant Professor at UCLA School of Law. She writes and teaches about cybersecurity, foreign relations, separation of powers, and national security law. Her recent scholarship has appeared or is forthcoming in the University of Pennsylvania Law Review, University of Chicago Law Review , Virginia Law Review , Texas Law Review , and Georgetown Law Journal . She received the 2018 Mike Lewis Prize for National Security Law Scholarship for her article, "Courts, Congress, and the Conduct of Foreign Relations." Before joining the UCLA faculty, Eichensehr clerked for Justices Sandra Day OConnor and Sonia Sotomayor of the Supreme Court of the United States and for Chief Judge Merrick B. Garland of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. Eichensehr also served as Special Assistant to the Legal Adviser of the U.S. Department of State and practiced at Covington & Burling LLP in Washington, D.C., where she specialized in appellate litigation, international and national security law, and cybersecurity issues. Eichensehr received her J.D. from Yale Law School, where she served as executive editor of the Yale Law Journal and articles editor of the Yale Journal of International Law . She holds an A.B. in Government from Harvard University and an M.Phil. in International Relations from the University of Cambridge. Eichensehr is a former term member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a former visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution, an affiliate at the Stanford Center for International Security and Cooperation, and an affiliate scholar at the Center for Internet and Society at Stanford Law School. She is a frequent contributor to and member of the editorial board of the national security blog, Just Security . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law Box 951476 Los Angeles, CA 90095-1476 (310) 825-1029 eichensehr@law.ucla.edu 
 Ethan Elkind Director of the Climate Change and Business Program B.A. Brown University, 1998 J.D. UCLA, 2006 UCLA Faculty Since 2006 Biography Bibliography Ethan Elkind is the Director of the Climate Change and Business Program, with a joint appointment at UC Berkeley School of Law and UCLA School of Law. In this capacity, he serves as the lead author of UCLA-UC Berkeleys grant-funded series of policy reports on business solutions to combat climate change. He also researches and writes on the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), climate change law, environmental justice, and other environmental and energy law topics. His book Railtown: The Fight for the Los Angeles Metro Rail and the Future of the City was published by University of California Press in January 2014. Previously, Elkind taught at UCLA Law Schools Frank Wells Environmental Law Clinic and served as an environmental law research fellow. In 2005, he co-founded The Nakwatsvewat Institute, Inc., a Native American nonprofit organization that provides alternative dispute resolution services and support for tribal governance, justice and educational institutions. Elkind is a regular host of the weekly call-in radio show " City Visions " on the San Francisco NPR affiliate KALW 91.7 FM , airing Monday nights at 7pm. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 elkind@law.ucla.edu 
 Hilal Elver Resnick Program for Food Law and Policy Global Distinguished Fellow J.D. University of Ankara Law School, 1974 Ph.D. in Law, University of Ankara, 1985 S.J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2009 Biography Hilal Elver is a Global Distinguished Fellow at the Resnick Program for Food Law and Policy. Since 2002, Elver has been a visiting professor at the University of California Santa Barbara, and the co-director of the Project on Climate Change, Human Security, and Democracy housed at the Orfalea Center. She started her teaching career at the University of Ankara Faculty of Law and taught there until 1993. During this period, she was also appointed by the Turkish government as the founding legal advisor of the Ministry of Environment, and later became the General Director of Women's Status in the Office of the Prime Minister. In 1994, she was appointed to the UNEP Chair in Environmental Diplomacy by the United Nations Environment Program at the Mediterranean Academy of Diplomatic Studies of the University of Malta. Since 1996 she has taught law school courses in Roman law, comparative law, public international law, international environmental law and international human rights law. Elver has had fellowships and visiting professorships at several universities: University of Michigan Law School; Rutgers Law School (Newark), Princeton University; McGill University, Faculty of Law; Chapman Law School; and most recently Dickson Poon School of Law At King's College London. Her op-eds have been published in various media outlets, including The Guardian, Al Jazeera International and America . Currently, she is a member of the Academic Council of the UN Least Developed Countries (2011-2021), and a member of the official delegation of the Turkey's UN Climate Change Framework Convention. In May 2014, she was appointed by the United Nations Human Rights Council as the Special Rapporteur on the Right to Food. Elver is a 2009 graduate of the S.J.D. program at UCLA School of Law, and holds a J.D., as well as a Ph.D. in Law from the University of Ankara. Elver is the author of three books, including The Headscarf Controversy: Secularism and Freedom of Religion (2012) and Peaceful Uses of International Rivers: The Case of the Euphrates and Tigris River Basin (2002). She has contributed to numerous other books as well, and has published a number of articles, including most recently Racializing Islam before and after 9/11, 21 Journal of Transnational Law and Contemporary Problems 119 (2012). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 elver@law.ucla.edu 
 Blake Emerson Assistant Professor of Law B.A, Williams College, 2007 M.A., Yale University, 2013 M. Phil, Yale University, 2013 Ph.D., Yale University, 2016 J.D., Yale Law School, 2017 UCLA Faculty Since 2018 Biography Bibliography Courses Blake Emerson is Assistant Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. Prior to joining UCLA Law, he was a Research Fellow at the Administrative Conference of the United States in Washington, D.C. His primary interests lie in administrative law, legislation, anti-discrimination law, torts, and legal theory. Emerson received his B.A. magna cum laude with Highest Honors from Williams College, his M.A. and M.Phil. from Yale University, his Ph.D. from Yale University, and his J.D. with Honors from Yale Law School. In 2017, he received an American Constitution Society prize for regulatory and administrative law scholarship. Emersons recently published book, The Publics Law: Origins and Architecture of Progressive Democracy (Oxford University Press, 2019), examines the theoretical and historical foundations of the American administrative state. His articles have appeared or are forthcoming in the Yale Law Journal , Minnesota Law Review , Buffalo Law Review , and Review of Politics , among other publications. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 emerson@law.ucla.edu 
 Shiva Falsafi Adjunct Faculty A.B. University of Michigan, 1988 J.D. Northwestern University, 1991 LL.M. Harvard Law School, 1994 Biography Courses Shiva Falsafi teaches Comparative Education: Law & Policy and Higher Education: Law and Policy . Falsafis research and teaching interests lie in Education Policy, Civil Society and Democracy, Womens Rights, Human Rights, and International and Comparative Law. Falsafi received her bachelors degree from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor; her J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law; and her LL.M. degree from Harvard Law School. In the private sector, Falsafi worked as a corporate attorney at Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam & Roberts, as well as Hale & Dorr, LLP. Before coming to UCLA, she served as the Associate General Counsel for Interactive Data Corporation. At UCLA, Falsafi has taught both at the Department of Gender Studies and the School of Law. Her courses included Gender and Civil Society in Countries in Transition , Jurisprudence of Sexual Equality , and Family Law and Pluralism , offered through the UCLA Department of Gender Studies, as well as, Women and the Law taught at UCLA School of Law. Her publications have appeared in Cardozo Law Review and Vanderbilt Journal of Transnational Law . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 falsafi@law.ucla.edu 
 Robert Feldman Lecturer in Law B.A. Duke University, 1970 J.D. University of Texas, 1973 Biography Courses Robert Feldman teaches Transition to Practice and Negotiation Theory and Practice . He is a retired corporate partner at Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP (WGM) specializing in real estate acquisition and development, and bankruptcy and restructuring. Feldmans practice has covered the full range of real estate assets: retail, office, multi-family, hotel and resorts, land and housing, tax exempt bonds, mixed-use developments throughout the U.S., and cross-border transactions with particular emphasis on transactions in Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean. Feldman has represented financial institutions and developers in lending, restructuring and workouts, and he was the principal counsel for several major developers and opportunity funds in major developments including Lehman Bros., Olympus Real Estate Fund, Starwood Hotels & Resorts and Paine Webber Properties. In the non-real estate bankruptcy arena, he was the leader of a 25-lawyer team at WGM in representation of the Chapter 11 Debtors Estate of Enron Corporation in analyzing and negotiating settlements for the infamous off-balance-sheet partnerships of Enron. His community service includes serving as Chairman of the Dallas Real Estate Council and as Director of the Dallas Affordable Housing Coalition. He currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of the UCLA Health System and of Otis College of Art and Design. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 feldman@law.ucla.edu 
 Robin Feldman Visiting Professor B.A. Stanford University J.D. Stanford Law School Biography Courses Robin Feldman is a Visiting Professor at UCLA School of Law, and the Arthur J. Goldberg Distinguished Professor of Law, and Director of the Center for Innovation at the University of California Hastings. She received a bachelors degree from Stanford University and a J.D. from Stanford Law School, graduating the Order of the Coif and receiving the Urban A. Sontheimer Award for graduating second in the class. Professor Feldman served in the Articles Department of the Stanford Law Review . After graduation, she clerked for The Honorable Joseph Sneed of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. She has published 4 books and more than 50 articles in law journals including at Harvard, Yale, and Stanford, as well as in the American Economic Review and the New England Journal of Medicine . Her books include D rugs, Money, and Secret Handshakes: The Unstoppable Growth of Prescription Drug Prices (Cambridge 2019) and Rethinking Patent Law (Harvard 2012). Professor Feldman testifies frequently before Congress and federal and state agencies. Her empirical work has been cited by the White House, along with numerous courts and agencies. Professor Feldman participated in the GAOs report to Congress on AI, the Army Cyber Institutes threat casting exercise on weaponization of data, and the National Academies of Sciences roundtable on AI and life science. In addition to her scholarship, Professor Feldman runs the Startup Legal Garage , in which students provide free legal work for 60 early-stage technology and life science companies each year. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 rfeldman@law.ucla.edu 
 Joel A. Feuer Executive Director of the Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy Professor from Practice B.A. Pomona College, 1976 M.A. Oxford University, 1978 J.D. Berkeley Law School, 1981 Biography Courses Joel A. Feuer is Executive Director of the Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law and Professor from Practice. Professor Feuer was a partner at Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher LLP from 1989 through 2014. He handled a broad range of complex business law matters and counseled corporations and their directors and officers on corporate governance matters and transactions. He served as co-chair of the litigation department for Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher's Los Angeles and Century City offices and as one of the leaders of the firm's securities litigation practice group. He was also a member of the firm's Office of General Counsel. Professor Feuer graduated magna cum laude with a bachelor's degree from Pomona College in 1976. He then attended University College, Oxford, and received a first-class honours degree in politics, philosophy and economics. Professor Feuer earned his J.D. degree from the UC Berkeley School of Law, where he served as the Supreme Court editor of the California Law Review . Following law school, he joined Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher. From April 1983 until September 1984, he served as the first law clerk to United States District Court Judge Pamela Rymer. The Lowell Milken Institute was established in 2011 with a $10 million gift from UCLA School of Law alumnus Lowell Milken '73, UCLA Law's 2009 Public Service Alumnus of the Year and a leading philanthropist and pioneer in education reform. The institute influences the field of business law and policy through innovative research, targeted policy analysis and sophisticated training that prepares UCLA School of Law students to become leaders in an entrepreneurial economy. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 feuer@law.ucla.edu 
 Cheryl Kelly Fischer Reference Librarian & Head of Instructional Services Lecturer in Law B.A. UC San Diego, 1999 M.L.I.S. UCLA, 2007 J.D. UCLA, 2003 UCLA Faculty Since 2007 Biography Courses Cheryl Kelly Fischer teaches Advanced Legal Research . She is a reference librarian and the Head of Instructional Services at the UCLA Hugh and Hazel Darling Law Library. She earned her J.D. from UCLA School of Law where she was Executive Editor of the UCLA Law Review, Chief Managing Editor of the UCLA Entertainment Law Review, a teaching assistant for Lawyering Skills, and a law library research assistant. She graduated from UC San Diego, cum laude , with a B.A. in Theatre, and from UCLA with a Master's degree in Library and Information Science. Following law school, Ms. Fischer practiced law as an associate at Jones Day in the Los Angeles office. Since returning to UCLA, Ms. Fischer has taught legal research skills in numerous law and non-law courses on campus. She has also participated in the selection, training and supervision of students in the law library's faculty research assistant program. And as a liaison to the UCLA law student journals and law reviews, she regularly assists journal editorial boards with the training of their staff. Ms. Fischers publications include Open Access to Legal Scholarship (with V. Steiner) in Law Librarianship in the Digital Age (edited by Allyssa Kroski, Scarecrow Press, 2014); Helping Millennials Find U.S. Supreme Court Cases Online, 36 Reference Services Review 245 (2008); and research guides on legal research and legal cite checking available at http://libguides.law.ucla.edu/prf.php?account_id=32559. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 fischer@law.ucla.edu 
 Rebecca Fordon Faculty Services Librarian Lecturer in Law B.A. Ohio Wesleyan University, 2002 J.D. Boston University School of Law, 2005 M.L.I.S UCLA, 2017 Biography Courses Rebecca Fordon co-teaches Advanced Legal Research at UCLA School of Law. She is a Faculty Services Librarian at the UCLA Hugh & Hazel Darling Law Library. Previously, Ms. Fordon was a partner at Brown Rudnick LLP in Boston where she counseled clients in bankruptcy and litigation with a focus on commercial finance. Ms. Fordon received her B.A. magna cum laude in Zoology and Humanities from Ohio Wesleyan University. She also earned her J.D. magna cum laude from Boston University School of Law, and her M.L.I.S. from UCLA. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 fordon@law.ucla.edu 
 Russell Frackman Lecturer in Law B.A. Northwestern University, 1967 J.D. Columbia Law School, 1970 Biography Courses Russell Frackman will teach Copyright Amicus Legal Clinic at UCLA School of Law. He is a Partner at Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP and was a founding member and co-chair of USC Gould School of Law Intellectual Property Institute. He is recognized as one of the nations leading entertainment and intellectual property litigators, having successfully represented clients in a number of landmark cases in state and federal trial and appellate courts including the seminal internet file sharing case of A&M Records, Inc. v. Napster . He has filed amicus curiae briefs on behalf of numerous industry organizations in precedent setting copyright cases in the Supreme Court and various Courts of Appeals and trial courts. Frackman received the inaugural Donald E. Biederman Legacy Award from Southwestern Law School in 2012, which recognizes a member of the bench or bar who upholds the highest standard of ethics and professionalism as a leader in entertainment and media law. He also received the 2015 Grammy Foundation Entertainment Law Initiative (ELI) Service Award presented to an attorney who has demonstrated a commitment to supporting the music community through service. Frackman has been recognized as the California Lawyer Attorney of the Year (CLAY Award) in Intellectual Property by the California Lawyer, the "Entertainment Lawyer of the Year" by the Beverly Hills Bar Association, one of the Most Influential Lawyers of the Decade by the National Law Journal , and one of the 100 Lawyers Who Helped to Shape a Decade by the Los Angeles Daily Journal . He has been named a Top 100 Power Lawyer by The Hollywood Reporter , a Top Music Lawyer by Billboard , on the Hollywood Law Impact List by Variety , and is the recipient of two honorary Gold Record Awards from the Recording Industry Association of America in recognition of his work on behalf of the record industry. Frackman obtained his B.A. in history from Northwestern University, and his J.D. cum laude from the Columbia University School of Law where he was a member of the Board of Editors of the Columbia Law Review . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 frackman@law.ucla.edu 
 Susan Fletcher French Professor of Law Emerita A.B. Stanford, 1964 J.D. University of Washington, 1967 UCLA Faculty Since 1989 Biography Bibliography Courses Susan French taught Property, Wills and Trusts, and Common Interest Communitie s for many years. Her areas of expertise include the law of wills, trusts, future interests, servitudes (easements and covenants) and common interest communities. After graduating from law school where she was articles editor of the Washington Law Review , Professor French practiced law in Seattle, Washington, and then joined the UC Davis law faculty in 1975. She was a visiting professor at the University of Michigan Law School in 1980, the UCLA School of Law in 1988-89, Harvard Law School in 1990, Duke Law School in 2001 and 2007, and the University of North Carolina in 2005. She spent a sabbatical year at the University of Chile in Santiago during 1982-83 and part of a sabbatical leave at the University of Sydney Faculty of Law in 2002. Professor French was the Reporter for the American Law Institutes Restatement of the Law, Third, Property (Servitudes) (2000). She currently serves as an adviser to the Restatement of the Law, Fourth, Property and served as an adviser to the Restatement of the Law, Third, Property (Donative Transfers). She has also advised the California Law Revision Commission on revision of laws relating to common-interest developments and the Probate Code. She is co-author of Cases and Texts on Property (with Gerald Korngold, 7th ed. 2019), and Community Association Law (with Hyatt, 2d ed. 2008). Professor French is also the author of A California Companion for the Course in Wills, Trusts and Estate s , n o w in its 8th edition for 2019-2020. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 french@law.ucla.edu 
 Fanna Gamal Binder Clinical Teaching Fellow B.A. Tufts University, 2010 J.D. UC Berkeley School of Law, 2016 Biography Fanna Gamal is a Binder Clinical Teaching Fellow at UCLA School of Law for 2019-2021. Her writing and teaching focuses on criminal law, educational stratification, and clinical education. She was previously an attorney and clinical supervisor at the East Bay Community Law Center, the community-based clinic of UC Berkeley Law School. She was also Lecturer in Law at UC Berkeley School of Law where she taught students substantive law and legal skills in the clinical program. In 2018, Gamal was awarded a fellowship with New America California to protect the educational rights of homeless students. Gamal received her B.A. with honors from Tufts University where she was a Balfour Scholar and Tisch Scholar, and her J.D. from UC Berkeley School of Law where she was Associate Editor of the California Law Review . During law school she was a law clerk for the Honorable Yvonne Gonzalez-Rogers of the United States District Court. She also held research positions at the Haas Institute for a Fair and Inclusive Society. In 2016 she was awarded an Equal Justice Works Fellowship to support her work advocating for youth at the intersection of the juvenile justice and public education systems. Gamals writing on juvenile justice, policing, and youth-centered advocacy has been published in the Columbia Journal of Gender & Law , and California Law Review among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 gamal@law.ucla.edu 
 Stephen Gardbaum MacArthur Foundation Professor of International Justice and Human Rights B.A. Oxford, 1980 C.P.E. College of Law, London, 1981 M.Sc. Sociology and Politics, University of London, 1985 Ph.D. Political Theory, Columbia, 1989 J.D. Yale, 1990 UCLA Faculty Since 1998 Biography Bibliography Courses Stephen Gardbaum is the MacArthur Foundation Professor of International Justice and Human Rights at UCLA School of Law. An internationally recognized constitutional scholar, he was a 2011 Guggenheim Fellow and a 2012-13 Straus Fellow at New York University. Gardbaum received a B.A. with First Class Honors from Oxford University, an M.Sc. from London University, a Ph.D. in Political Theory from Columbia, and a J.D. from Yale Law School. He is a solicitor of the Senior Courts of England and Wales, and teaches constitutional law, comparative constitutional law, European Union law, international human rights, and comparative law. Prior to joining the UCLA faculty, he taught at Northwestern University School of Law and has been a visiting professor at Melbourne Law School, Universidad Externado de Colombia, Panthon-Assas University (Paris II), Aix-Marseille University, and the Radzyner Law School of the IDC Herzliya. He is an elected member of the Council of the International Society of Public Law. Professor Gardbaum's research focuses on comparative constitutional law and constitutional theory. His widely-reviewed book The New Commonwealth Model of Constitutionalism: Theory and Practice (Cambridge University Press, 2013) explores a novel form of human rights protection in Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. He was the keynote speaker at the 2009 Protecting Human Rights conference in Australia, part of the major debate in that country about adopting this new model through a national human rights act. A collection of his articles on the comparative structure of constitutional rights was reprinted as a book by the European Research Center of Comparative Law. Another article was selected for inclusion in Classics in Comparative Law (T. Ginsburg, P. Montaeri and F. Parisi eds., Edward Elgar Publishing, 2014). Gardbaum's work has appeared, among other places, in the Harvard Law Review , Stanford Law Review , Michigan Law Review , and the University of Chicago Law Review . Recent publications include: "Populism and Institutional Design: Methods of Selecting Candidates for Chief Executive" (with Richard Pildes), New York University Law Review (2018); "What Makes for More or Less Powerful Constitutional Courts?," Duke Journal of Comparative & International Law (2018); "Due Process of Lawmaking Revisited," University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law (2018); "Political Parties, Voting Systems, and the Separation of Powers," American Journal of Comparative Law (2017); "Revolutionary Constitutionalism," International Journal of Constitutional Law (2017); "The Indian Constitution and Horizontal Effect," in Sujit Choudhry, Pratap Mehta and Madhav Khosla eds., The Oxford Handbook of the Indian Constitution (Oxford University Press, 2016); "Are Strong Constitutional Courts Always a Good Thing for New Democracies?" Columbia Journal of Transnational Law (2015). His scholarship has been cited by the U.S. and Canadian Supreme Courts, and widely translated. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 gardbaum@law.ucla.edu 
 Susan C. Genco Co-President, The Azoff Company Lecturer in Law B.A. Wellesley J.D. Harvard Law School Biography Courses Susan Genco is Co-President of Azoff MSG Entertainment, working alongside industry veteran, Irving Azoff. Susans responsibilities include oversight and management of a diverse portfolio of entertainment companies along with the companys strategic and legislative efforts. The Azoff MSG Entertainment portfolio includes Full Stop Management, Global Music Rights, and Oak View Group, among others. Susan is a Lecturer in Law at UCLA School of Law where she has taught Music Law since 2012 and, in addition, is a founder of the Music Industry Clinic at UCLA School of Law. She was proud to be selected for Billboard Magazine s Power 100 and featured in Billboard Magazine s Women in Music: The 100 Most Powerful Executives as one of the Executives of Year. Prior to joining Azoff MSG, Susan held a variety of executive positions including Executive Vice President, Global Music Rights; Head of Business Affairs & Music for Guitar Hero, a division of Activision/Blizzard; Senior Vice President of Business Affairs at Warner Bros. Records Inc.; Senior Vice President, Business Affairs and Operations, Capitol/EMI and Vice President, Business & Legal Affairs at Arista Records, under the tutelage of Clive Davis. Susan received a J.D. from Harvard Law School, and a B.A., summa cum laude /Phi Beta Kappa, in Economics from Wellesley College where her studies included one year at the London School of Economics. She resides in Los Angeles with her husband and three children. Susan serves on the KCRW Foundation Executive Committee for the USO Entertainment Advisory Council; Executive Committee and Advisory Board of Entertainment Law Initiative; and the KCRW Foundation Board. In addition, Susan is a member of the Wellesley Business Leadership Council and is a Founder & Co-Chair of The XX Fund. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 genco@law.ucla.edu 
 Kevin Gerson Law Library Director and Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA, 1987 J.D. Stanford, 1990 M.I.M.S. U.C. Berkeley, 1998 Biography Courses Kevin Gerson, the Director of the UCLA Law Library, teaches Advanced Legal Research . Gerson received his J.D. from Stanford Law School, where he was elected to the Order of the Coif, and earned a Master's degree in Information Management and Systems from U.C. Berkeley. He graduated from UCLA, summa cum laude , with a B.A. in Philosophy. Prior to joining UCLA in 1998, Gerson worked as a tax associate at Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison in Palo Alto and as a state tax analyst for CCH, Inc. His publications include: Faculty Research Services at the UCLA Law Library, Trends in Law Library Management and Technology , vol. 18, pp. 53-61, December 2008; Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information, Law Library Journal , vol. 98(1), pp. 205-206, Winter 2006; contributor, Locating the Law: A Handbook for Non-Law Librarians (Southern California Association of Law Libraries, Committee on Public Access to Legal Information, 4th ed., 2001); Evaluating Legal Information Retrieval Systems: How Do the Ranked-Retrieval Methods of Lexis and Westlaw Measure Up? Legal Reference Services Quarterly , vol. 17(4), pp. 53-67, December 1999; contributor and editor, CCH Multistate Corporate Income Tax Guide (CCH Inc., 19921997); contributor and editor, CCH California Tax Reporter (CCH Inc., 19911997); and contributor and editor, CCH Guidebook to California Taxes (CCH Inc., 19911997). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 gerson@law.ucla.edu 
 Carole E. Goldberg Distinguished Research Professor Jonathan D. Varat Distinguished Professor of Law Emerita B.A. Smith College, 1968 J.D. Stanford, 1971 UCLA Faculty Since 1972 Biography Bibliography Courses Carole Goldberg has taught Civil Procedure , Federal Indian Law , Tribal Legal Systems , the Tribal Legal Development Clinic , and the Tribal Appellate Court Clinic . The two clinics have rendered legal services to Indian tribes and Indian judicial systems. In 2006, she served as the Oneida Indian Nation Visiting Professor at Harvard Law School, and in 2007 she was appointed a Justice of the Hualapai Court of Appeals. In 2010, President Barack Obama appointed her to the Indian Law and Order Commission, which investigated issues of safety and justice in tribal communities, and in 2013 issued a Final Report recommending ways to improve Indian country criminal justice. Also in 2013, the Indian Law Section of the Federal Bar Association conferred upon her its prestigious Lawrence F. Baca Lifetime Achievement Award. Following law school, Professor Goldberg clerked for Judge Robert F. Peckham, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. She has twice served as Associate Dean for the School of Law, from 1984 to 1989 and from 1991 to 1992. She has also served as Chair of the Academic Senate in 1993-1994. From 2011 to 2016, she served as Vice Chancellor, Academic Personnel, for the UCLA campus. Goldberg's recent books include Defying the Odds: The Tule River Tribe's Struggle for Sovereignty in Three Centuries (Yale University Press 2010, co-authored with anthropologist Gelya Frank) and Indian Law Stories (Foundation Press 2011, co-edited with Kevin Washburn and Philip Frickey). Professor Goldberg has written widely on the subject of federal Indian law and tribal law, and is co-editor and co-author of Cohen's Handbook of Federal Indian Law (1982, 2005, 2012 editions), as well as co-author of a casebook, American Indian Law: Native Nations and the Federal System (7th ed., 2015). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 goldberg@law.ucla.edu 
 Robert D. Goldstein Professor of Law B.A. Harvard, 1969 M.Ed. Harvard Clinical Psychology & Public Practice Program, 1976 J.D. Harvard, 1977 UCLA Faculty Since 1983 Biography Bibliography Courses Robert Goldstein teaches Constitutional Law I and II , and in the past has taught Child Abuse and Neglect, Civil Rights, Law and Psychiatry, Children and the Law, and Constitutional Criminal Procedure . He helped originate and direct a campus-wide interdisciplinary program on abuse and neglect. Professor Goldstein is a committed member of the law school and university communities whose distinguished and superior administrative service is highly valued. For more than a decade he has served as Special Assistant to the Vice Chancellor for Academic Personnel, and prior to that he was Associate Dean of UCLA School of Law for four years. He has served on a variety of campus-wide and law school committees, including recently co-chairing the Law Schools Task Force on the Learning Environment and Diversity (LEAD). Professor Goldsteins scholarship concerns constitutional law and abuse and neglect. His two books are Mother-Love and Abortion, A Legal Interpretation (UC Press, 1988) and Child Abuse and Neglect: Cases and Materials (West, 1999). Other writings span Reconstruction legal history, free speech of professionals, and reproductive rights. He is currently at work on an essay on the establishment clause. Goldstein earned his J.D. from Harvard in 1977. Before law school he obtained his B.A. in Social Studies from Harvard ( magna cum laude ), and his M.Ed. from Harvards Clinical Psychology and Public Practice Program. He also participated in a clinical internship through Harvard Medical School while completing all the requirements for a Ph.D. in clinical psychology except the dissertation. Following law school, Goldstein clerked for Chief Judge Raymond Pettine of the Federal District Court of Rhode Island, and then practiced law with the firm of Foley, Hoag & Eliot for five years before joining the UCLA School of Law faculty in 1983. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 goldstein@law.ucla.edu 
 Laura E. Gmez Professor of Law B.A. Harvard College, 1986 M.A. Stanford University, 1988 J.D. Stanford Law School, 1992 Ph.D. Stanford University, 1994 Biography Bibliography Courses Laura E. Gmez teaches Civil Procedure and Criminal Law in the first-year UCLA School of Law curriculum and has taught courses in law and society and the Critical Race Studies Program in the law schools upper-year curriculum. In recent years she has served as Interim Dean of the Division of Social Sciences in the College of Letters & Science (2016-17), which is UCLAs largest academic unit, and Vice Dean of UCLA School of Law (2013-2015). Gmez began her teaching career at UCLA School of Law in 1994 and also holds faculty appointments (without teaching duties) in UCLAs Departments of Sociology and Chicana and Chicano Studies. After 12 years at UCLA, she returned to her hometown of Albuquerque in order to raise her young son amidst a large extended family. She was a professor of law and American studies at the University of New Mexico, served as Associate Dean of the law school (2007-09), and was a faculty fellow at the Robert J. Woods Foundation Center for Health Policy at UNM. Gmez rejoined the UCLA faculty in 2011. Prior to beginning her career as a law professor, Professor Gmez clerked for Judge Dorothy W. Nelson on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals (1992-93) and worked as a legislative aide to U.S. Senator Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico (1996-97), with a portfolio that included Central American policy, South African policy, and Armed Services (for the latter, she held a top secret government clearance). She graduated with honors in Social Studies from Harvard (where she was a Truman Scholar). She received three degrees from Stanford--an M.A. (1988) and Ph.D. (1994) in Sociology (while holding a graduate fellowship from the National Science Foundation), and a J.D. (1992). Gmez has lectured widely and has published numerous articles (in both student-edited law reviews and peer-reviewed journals), book chapters, and books. Broadly speaking, her research focuses on the intersection of law, politics and inequality both today and in the distant past. Her books include the following: Misconceiving Mothers: Legislators, Prosecutors and the Politics of Prenatal Drug Exposure (1997), which is widely taught in law and society and gender studies courses; Mapping Race: Critical Approaches to Health Disparities Research (2013), a book co-edited with Dr. Nancy Lpez; and Manifest Destinies: The Making of the Mexican American Race (2007), which is widely taught in ethnic studies and history courses. The academic popularity of Manifest Destinies has led publisher New York University Press to issue a second edition in late 2017 marking the tenth anniversary of the original publication and featuring a new preface and postscript that situate the bookwhich concentrates on 19th and early 20th century history, law and politicsin the current political moment. She also has a book under advance contract with The New Press. Professor Gmez is proud to have co-founded and served as the first co-director of UCLA School of Laws Critical Race Studies Program, and she continues to be actively involved in CRS. At UCLA Law, Gmez is the faculty adviser to three student organizations: La Raza, the Latino student association, the Chicano-Latino Law Review, and the Womyn of Color Collective. She served as President of the Law and Society Association (2009-11), a multi-disciplinary organization of scholars who study law, legal actors and legal institutions in cultural and social context. She has served as an associate editor, a member of the editorial board, or a reviewer for a number of scholarly journals, including the Law & Society Review , Law & Social Inquiry , Aztlan: A Journal of Chicano Studies , SIGNS: Journal of Women in Culture and Society , Studies in Law, Politics and Society , the Journal of Legal History , Latino Studies , the Law and History Review , and Contemporary Sociology . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 gomez@law.ucla.edu Related Information Curriculum Vitae 
 Patrick D. Goodman Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA, 1991 M.Ed. UCLA, 1992 J.D. Columbia, 1996 UCLA Faculty Since 2001 Biography Bibliography Courses Patrick D. Goodman teaches Remedies , Wills and Trusts, American Law in the Global Context , and a seminar in Law and Popular Culture . He is also the creator and co-developer of Law 101: Introduction to Legal Analysis , a new, required part of the first-year curriculum. He has also taught Legal Research and Writing, Written Legal Analysis , and the California Appellate Advocacy Clinic , a live-client appellate course in juvenile law he founded at the UCLA School of Law in partnership with Los Angeles County. He is coauthor of Cracking the Case Method: Legal Analysis for Law School Success (2d ed. West 2018). In 2010, Professor Goodman was awarded the UCLA Distinguished Teaching Award, the University's highest teaching honor. In 2013, he received the UCLA School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. For six consecutive years, Professor Goodman was elected the UCLA School of Law Professor of the Year by the graduating class - from May 2010 to May 2015. In 2016, it was agreed that past winners of the award would be eligible for the award after three years. In May 2018, Professor Goodman was elected Professor of the Year for a seventh time. Prior to law school, Goodman earned a Master of Education degree from UCLA. At Columbia Law School, Goodman was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar and recipient of the 1996 Jane Marks Murphy Prize for Excellence in Advocacy. After law school, Goodman joined Morrison & Foerster in Los Angeles as a litigation associate. In 1998, he began at the Los Angeles County Counsels Office as an attorney specializing in juvenile law and appellate practice, and he later was promoted to Senior Associate County Counsel. In November 1999, Goodman became Deputy County Counsel, a position he held before joining the UCLA School of Law faculty. Professor Goodman has served as lead counsel in over one hundred appeals, and he supervises certified UCLA law students in the California Court of Appeal. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 goodman@law.ucla.edu 
 Judith Gordon Lecturer in Law B.A. Wayne State University, 1976 J.D. Wayne State University, 1981 Biography Courses Judith Gordon teaches The Law and Your Life: Aligning Your Personal Values with the Practice of Law/Fundamentals of Professional Development . This course was developed to diminish the high rates of attrition from practice, as well as increase practice engagement and fulfillment. Gordon is the founder and principal of LeaderEsQ, LLC, a coaching and training firm focused on the legal profession, and the Center for Thriving in Law. CFTIL is a digital platform providing attorneys and law students with tools and strategies for high-performance, resilience, emotional intelligence, and other essential practice skills, in succinct learning modules, so that they thrive in the practice of law. Judith's teaching and facilitation style incorporates engagement, experience and storytelling to maximize learning and retention. Her signature program, "The Thriving Lawyer: A Burnout-Free Approach to High-Performance," is designed for law firms and presented in five modules that prepare lawyers to engage optimally with the demands and challenges of the profession. Judith is also creator of The Human Design Project, an approach to work that aligns work practices in our technology-driven era with human design, for greater productivity, performance, energy and enjoyment. Judith writes and presents regularly on issues of attorney professional development and building a sustainable career in the legal profession. She has appeared on The Partner Podcast , written on "Steps to Building a Sustainable Career" for Law Practice Today and on "Emotional Intelligence for Lawyers" for Law360 . For a complete list of her articles, podcast guest appearances, and presentations, please visit www.leaderesq.net . For nearly a decade, Gordon was Director of Marketing and Professional Development at Buchalter Nemer, PC. While there, she developed an internal mentoring program that trained attorneys in fundamental business and professional development skills. Gordon was Associate Director of Communications at the Milken Institute, an economic think tank in Santa Monica, where she co-authored Economic Prosperity, Women and Access to Credit: Best Practices in the Financial Markets (2000), a Special Report commissioned by the National Womens Business Council, the Advisory Panel to the U.S. President and Congress on economic issues important to women business owners. Gordon practiced law in New York prior to her segue into attorney professional development. She earned her B.A. in Biology at Wayne State University, and her J.D. from Wayne State University Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 gordon@law.ucla.edu 
 Mark F. Grady Distinguished Professor of Law A.B. UCLA, 1970 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1973 UCLA Faculty Since 1992 Biography Bibliography Courses Professor Mark F. Grady specializes in law and economics and teaches Torts, Antitrust, and Intellectual Property at UCLA School of Law. He received his A.B. degree in Economics (1970) and his J.D. (1973), both from UCLA. He also held postdoctoral fellowships in law and economics at the University of Chicago Law School (1977) and the Yale Law School (1982). After working for the Federal Trade Commission and the United States Senate, Grady began his academic career at the University of Iowa School of Law. In 1985, Northwestern University appointed him Professor of Law, and he moved to Chicago, Illinois. In the spring of 1990, Grady became the first John M. Olin Visiting Professor of Law and Economics at Duke Law School in Durham, North Carolina. In 1992 he returned to UCLA to become Professor of Law here. Five years later, he took leave from UCLA to move to Arlington, Virginia, to become the third dean of the George Mason University School of Law, University Professor of Law, Chairman of the Law and Economics Center, and Principal Investigator of the Law Schools federally funded Critical Infrastructure Protection Project, which he founded. Under Gradys leadership, George Mason moved from an overall ranking of 75th in the nation to 38th, to become the youngest law school in the first tier and the fastest rising law school in the history of U.S. law school rankings. Also, during Gradys tenure as dean, the George Mason Law School moved from 167th (out of 174 American law schools) to 35th in terms of the funds it was able to invest in each of its students. Grady returned to UCLA in 2004 to become Professor of Law and Director of the Law Schools new Center for Law and Economics. Grady is a founding trustee of the American Law and Economics Association and the author of numerous books and articles on torts, intellectual property, antitrust, law and economics, and law and biology. He has served as a consultant to President Ronald Reagan, presented policy papers at President William J. Clintons White House, lectured to United States federal judges, given seminars to Congressional staff members, spoken to House leaders from the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives, and testified to Congressional committees. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 grady@law.ucla.edu 
 Kenneth W. Graham, Jr. Professor of Law Emeritus A.B. University of Michigan, 1957 J.D. University of Michigan, 1962 UCLA Faculty Since 1963 Biography Bibliography Kenneth W. Graham, Jr. is Professor of Law Emeritus at the UCLA School of Law. His scholarship focuses on the law of evidence and he has published twelve volumes of Federal Practice and Procedure: Evidence (with Wright, 1978-2001). Professor Graham was a 1987 recipient of the UCLA Distinguished Teaching Award, and following retirement, he continued to teach two undergraduate classes: Evidence in Law, Science, History, and Journalism and Peace, Nonviolence, and the Law. Professor Graham has been a visiting professor at the Universities of Michigan, Texas, and Southern California. He taught for many years at the National Judicial College in Reno, and he has also taught continuing legal education courses for UCLA Extension, the CEB, ALI-ABA, and the Oklahoma State Bar. He has worked in a large corporate law firm in Los Angeles and prosecuted cases in the office of the Ventura County District Attorney's office. Additionally, Professor Graham has handled appeals in the U.S. Supreme Court, the California Supreme Court, and the California Court of Appeals. For twenty years, he also wrote and produced the annual Law School Musical, performed by students, staff, and faculty. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 graham@law.ucla.edu 
 Rachel E. Green Faculty Services Librarian Lecturer in Law B.A. University of Michigan, 2004 J.D. Emory University School of Law, 2008 M.L.I.S. University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, 2013 Biography Courses Rachel Green co-teaches Advanced Legal Research at UCLA School of Law. She is a faculty services librarian at the UCLA Hugh & Hazel Darling Law Library. She also actively practices law on a pro bono basis, representing families in guardianship and related proceedings. Ms. Green received her B.A. in French and Francophone Studies from the University of Michigan. She also earned her J.D. from Emory University School of Law, and her M.L.I.S. from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 greenr@law.ucla.edu 
 Mark Greenberg Professor of Law Professor of Philosophy B.A. Johns Hopkins University, 1982 J.D. UC Berkeley-Boalt Hall, 1985 B.Phil. University of Oxford, 1990 D.Phil. University of Oxford, 2000 UCLA Faculty Since 2004 Biography Bibliography Courses Mark Greenberg is Professor of Law and Professor of Philosophy. His areas of expertise include philosophy of law, philosophy of mind and psychology, ethics, and criminal law. He is co-director of the UCLA Law and Philosophy Program. After receiving his B.A. from Johns Hopkins University (at age 18) and his J.D. from Boalt Hall School of Law of the University of California, Berkeley (at age 21), Greenberg served as law clerk to the Honorable Ruth Bader Ginsburg on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He was subsequently a Marshall Scholar at Oxford University, where he earned both his B.Phil. and D.Phil. in philosophy. In addition, he has been a Fulbright Scholar at the University of Stockholm, a research fellow at the Research School of Social Sciences of the Australian National University, and a Harrington Fellow at the University of Texas at Austin. Before coming to UCLA, Greenberg taught at Princeton University and the University of Oxford. Prior to that, in the late 1990s, he also served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the U.S. Department of Justice, where his work focused on criminal law and policy, constitutional law (especially equal protection and First Amendment issues), and appellate litigation. During this period, he also worked as a federal prosecutor. Greenberg has written numerous articles and book chapters. His article, How Facts Make Law won the American Philosophical Associations 2007 Berger Memorial Prize for work in philosophy of law published in 2004 and 2005, and his article, The Meaning of Original Meaning (co-authored with Harry Litman) was the runner-up for the 2001 Berger prize. Many of his papers are available at the following URL: http://ssrn.com/author=336071 : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 greenberg@law.ucla.edu 
 Paul Habibi Lecturer in Law B.A. University of California, Santa Barbara, 1995 M.B.A. University of Michigan, 2003 Biography Courses Paul Habibi is a Continuing Lecturer of Finance and Real Estate at UCLA Anderson Graduate School of Management and Lecturer in Law at UCLA School of Law. He is consistently a top finalist for the Teacher of the Year Award and began his teaching career at UCLA in 2004. Widely quoted, he has appeared on BBC World News, Bloomberg, CNN, FOX News, NBC's The Today Show, NPR, and all major dailies including The Wall Street Journal , The New York Times , and Financial Times . A highly sought-after speaker, he regularly presents to leading business, government, and nonprofit organizations. Outside of campus, Professor Habibi is Principal and Co-Founder of Habibi Properties, LLC, which owns and manages three divisions: (1) multi-family apartments in the Los Angeles area; (2) single-family homes in Kansas City, Missouri (Arrowhead Residential Funds); and, (3) almond and pistachio orchards in California's San Joaquin Valley. He is also Principal of Grayslake Advisors, LLC, which provides expert witness and litigation support services to large multinational law firms, Fortune 500 companies, and government and regulatory agencies. The firm has been retained in some of the highest profile cases in the country. Its clients include Goldman Sachs, McKinsey & Company, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Attorney's Office, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. He previously worked as an Investment Banking Associate at Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, Manager of Transaction Support with The Walt Disney Company, and Audit Manager with Arthur Andersen LLP. He holds an MBA with Highest Distinction, under merit scholarship, from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan, where he received the David T. Shelby Award. He also holds a BA in Economics and Accounting from UCSB. He is a licensed Certified Public Accountant and Real Estate Broker. He serves as an Industrial Advisor for EQT Partners, a Swedish private equity group of 18 funds with $30 billion in capital. He is also an early investor and Member of the Board of Advisors of Knock, a venture-backed real estate startup led by founding team members of Trulia (NYSE:TRLA). Active in the community, he is a Member of the Board of Directors of Pacific Charter School Development. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 paul.habibi@anderson.ucla.edu 
 Joel F. Handler Richard C. Maxwell Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus A.B. Princeton, 1954 J.D. Harvard, 1957 UCLA Faculty Since 1985 Biography Bibliography Joel Handler teaches Law and the Poor, a research seminar on social welfare issues, and another seminar titled Comparative Welfare States . His research interests include poverty, social welfare reform, and the European conception of social citizenship. He has been a member of the National Academy of Science's Committee on the Status of Black America and chaired the Academy's Panel on High Risk Youth. He is a past president of the Law and Society Association. Professor Handler previously taught at Wisconsin Law School as the George Wiley and Vilas Research Professor of Law, where he was a senior researcher at the Institute for Research on Poverty and chaired the Governor's Task Force for the Reform of General Relief. Professor Handler's published books include Blame Welfare, Ignore Poverty and Inequality (with Yeheskel Hasenfeld, 2006); Social Citizenship and Workfare in the United States and Western Europe - The Paradox of Inclusion (2004); Hard Labor: Poor Women and Work in the Post-Welfare Era (co-edited with White, 1999); We the Poor People: Work, Poverty, and Welfare (with Hasenfeld, 1997); and The Poverty of Welfare Reform (1996). For Down From Bureaucracy: The Ambiguity of Privatization and Empowerment (1996), he won the Gladys M. Kammerer Award for the best political science publication in the field of U.S. national policy. Professor Handler was elected a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 2004. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 handler@law.ucla.edu 
 Benjamin Harris Emmett/Frankel Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy B.S. UCLA, 2013 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2016 Biography Benjamin Harris is an Emmett/Frankel Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law for 2019-2021. Previously, Harris clerked for the Honorable Stephen V. Wilson for the United States District Court in the Central District of California and was a litigation associate at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP. Harris received his B.S. cum laude in Marine Biology with Departmental Honors and College Honors from UCLA. He returned to obtain a J.D. from UCLA School of Law, where he received the Shepard Broad Award and was a Michael T. Masin Scholar. He also served as the Executive Editor for the UCLA Journal of Environmental Law and Policy . During the summer following his first year of law school, Harris worked as a law clerk for the U.S. Department of Justice in the Environmental & Natural Resources Division. During law school, Harris wrote comments addressing federal mechanisms for protecting marine mammals from noise pollution and outlining groundwater collection opportunities in Southern California, which were published in the UCLA Journal of Environmental Law and Policy and the Villanova Environmental Law Journal , respectively. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 harrisb@law.ucla.edu 
 Cheryl I. Harris Rosalinde and Arthur Gilbert Professor in Civil Rights and Civil Liberties B.A. Wellesley, 1973 J.D. Northwestern, 1978. UCLA Faculty Since 1998 Biography Bibliography Courses Cheryl I. Harris is the Rosalinde and Arthur Gilbert Foundation Chair in Civil Rights and Civil Liberties at UCLA School of Law where she teaches Constitutional Law , Civil Rights , Employment Discrimination , Critical Race Theory and Race Conscious Remedies . A graduate of Wellesley College and Northwestern School of Law, Professor Harris began her teaching career in 1990 at Chicago- Kent College of Law after working for one of Chicagos leading criminal defense firms and later serving as a senior legal advisor in the City Attorneys office as part of the reform administration of Mayor Harold Washington of Chicago. The interconnections between racial theory, civil rights practice, politics, and human rights have been important to her work. She was a key organizer of several major conferences that helped establish a dialogue between U.S. legal scholars and South African lawyers during the development of South Africas first democratic constitution. This work played a significant role in the production of her acclaimed and influential article, Whiteness as Property ( Harvard Law Review ). Since joining the UCLA Law faculty in 1998, Professor Harris has continued to produce groundbreaking scholarship in the field of Critical Race Theory, particularly engaging the issue of how racial frames shape our understanding and interpretation of significant events like Hurricane Katrina(Whitewashing Race, in California Law Review ), admissions policies (The New Racial Preferences in California Law Review )(with Carbado) and anti-discrimination law (Reading Ricci: Whitening Discrimination, Race-ing Test Fairness in UCLA Law Review ) (with West-Faulcon). She has also lectured widely on issues of race and equality at leading institutions here and abroad, including in Europe, South Africa, and Australia, and has been a frequent contributor to various media outlets on current events and cases involving race and equality. Professor Harris has served as a consultant to the MacArthur Foundation and has been on the board of leading academic societies, including the American Studies Association. She has served as faculty director for the Critical Race Studies Program at UCLA Law School and has been widely recognized as a groundbreaking teacher in the area of civil rights education, receiving the ACLU Foundation of Southern California's Distinguished Professor Award for Civil Rights Education. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 harris@law.ucla.edu 
 Steven Hartman Lecturer in Law B.S. UC Berkeley, 1988 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1995 M.B.A. UCLA Anderson School of Management, 1995 Biography Courses Steven Hartman will teach Corporate Finance: Securities Markets and Corporate Valuation at UCLA School of Law. He is Founder of Bryn Pharma, LLC, a medical device company focused on the anaphylaxis market. As a former Partner, Co-Chief Operating Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and General Counsel of a large middle market private equity firm with approximately $7 billion of investable capital, Steven Hartman is a respected private equity investment professional with extensive experience in all aspects of the investment process as well as all corporate governance matters. He is also a lecturer at UCLA Anderson School of Management. Hartman received his B.S. in Finance from UC Berkeley, and his joint J.D./M.B.A. from UCLA School of Law and UCLA Anderson School of Management. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 hartmans@law.ucla.edu 
 Paul Hayden Visiting Professor B.A. Yale University, 1979 J.D. UCLA, 1984 Biography Courses Paul Hayden teaches Remedies at UCLA School of Law. He is currently Thomas V. Girardi Professor of Consumer Protection Law at Loyola Law School, where he has been on the faculty since 1995. He was previously Interim Dean at Loyola Law School from 2015-2016. Prior to his tenure at Loyola, Hayden taught at Indiana University School of Law in Indianapolis, where he was granted tenure. While at I.U., Hayden was twice selected for the Professor of the Year award, given by students to the most outstanding teacher on the faculty. Hayden has also worked as a litigation associate in the downtown Los Angeles office of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker, as well as in the Westwood firm of Boren, Sloan & Rosen. Hayden earned in B.A. cum laude with distinction from Yale University, and his J.D. Order of the Coif from UCLA School of Law where he was Review Editor for Federal Communications Law Journal . After graduation, he clerked for the Honorable Dorothy W. Nelson of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, and the Honorable J. Spencer Letts of the United States District Court for the Central District of California. Hayden has authored or co-authored a four-volume torts treatise, The Law of Torts ; a one-volume Hornbook on Torts ; several editions of four different casebooks in torts and legal ethics; and a variety of law review articles. His work is widely cited in law reviews and legal opinions; since its publication in 2011, the Law of Torts treatise has been cited three times by the U.S. Supreme Court, by every federal circuit, and by 35 state supreme courts. Hayden was elected to membership in the American Law Institute in 1998. In 2019, he was appointed to the California Judicial Councils Advisory Committee on Civil Jury Instructions for a two-year term. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 hayden@law.ucla.edu 
 Sean B. Hecht Co-Executive Director, Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment Evan Frankel Professor of Policy and Practice Co-Director, UCLA Law Environmental Law Clinic B.A. Yale, 1988 J.D. University of Michigan, 1995 UCLA Faculty Since 2003 Biography Bibliography Courses Sean B. Hecht is the Co-Executive Director of the Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment, and Evan Frankel Professor of Policy and Practice, at UCLA School of Law. He works with students to serve environmental organizations and government agencies in his role as co-director of the Frank G. Wells Environmental Law Clinic. His teaching includes Public Natural Resources Law and Policy , Environmental Law , and a California State Environmental Law seminar, in addition to the Environmental Law Clinic . Sean is a frequent speaker and media commenter on a wide range of environmental, natural resources, and energy law and policy issues. He collaborates on projects with practicing environmental lawyers, environmental and environmental justice advocacy organizations, policymakers, and the business community. Seans research interests include developing legal and policy tools for building resilience to climate changes projected impacts; analyzing the insurance and finance sectors roles in addressing climate change; examining the relationship between environmental justice and mainstream environmental advocacy; analyzing the role of environmental impact analysis under CEQA, NEPA, and other laws in protecting health and the environment; and studying the dynamics of federal public land law and policy and the relationship between state and federal regulation on public lands. After law school, Sean served as law clerk for Hon. Laughlin E. Waters of the United States District Court for the Central District of California. He began law practice at the firm Strumwasser & Woocher, litigating cases involving election law, employment law, environmental and land-use law, and insurance regulation. More recently, he served as a Deputy Attorney General for the California Department of Justice, representing the Attorney General and state agencies on environmental and public health matters. Sean is a past chair of the State Bar of Californias environmental law section, and the founding (past) board chair of the Harbor Community Benefit Foundation, a nonprofit that works to mitigate Port-related environmental impacts, including environmental justice impacts, and improve environmental quality in the near-Port Los Angeles communities of San Pedro and Wilmington. Along with co-counsel in Center for Biological Diversity v. Department of Fish and Wildlife (Newhall Ranch), he received the 2016 California Lawyer Attorney of the Year (CLAY) Award for environmental law. He blogs at http://legal-planet.org . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 hecht@law.ucla.edu 
 Alan Heinrich Lecturer in Law B.A. Washington and Lee University, 1990 Ph.D. State University of New York at Buffalo, 1996 J.D. Loyola Law School, 2000 Biography Courses Alan Heinrich is a partner in the Los Angeles office of Irell & Manella LLP and a member of the firms litigation, intellectual property litigation and appellate groups. His practice focuses on complex business and intellectual property litigation at both the trial court and appellate court levels. Heinrich has been recognized by Chambers & Partners as "Up and Coming" in the area of intellectual property law in the 2008 Chambers USA Leading Lawyers for Business Guide , and as a "rising star in intellectual property litigation" in the 2009 edition of the Legal 500 United States. From 2006-2010, he has been selected for inclusion in Los Angeles Magazine 's Southern California "Rising Stars" in intellectual property litigation. Heinrich has a strong background in patent law and patent infringement litigation, having represented large corporate and organizational clients such as eBay, Skype, Immersion Corporation, Avago Technologies, the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation of the University of Wisconsin, and the Natural Resources Defense Council. Heinrich earned his J.D., summa cum laude , from Loyola Law School in 2000, where he was valedictorian of his class and chief articles editor of the Loyola of Los Angeles Law Review . In 20002001, he served as law clerk to the Honorable Diarmuid F. O'Scannlain, Circuit Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in Portland, Oregon. He received his B.A., magna cum laude , from Washington and Lee University, and a Ph.D. in Classics from the State University of New York at Buffalo. Upon completion of his Ph.D., he was a lecturer at the University of Southern California, where he taught courses in Latin and Ancient Greek. Heinrich has also taught Federal Courts as an adjunct professor of law at Loyola Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 heinrich@law.ucla.edu 
 Genevive Helleringer Visiting Professor B.A. Lyce Henri IV, 1993 B.A. Paris-Seine University, 1994 M.Sc. Essec Business School, 1996 J.D. Columbia Law School, 2000 M.Sc. Paris I Sorbonne University, 2003 M.Sc. Paris II Panthon-Assas University, 2009 Ph.D. Paris I Sorbonne University, 2010 M.Sc. Oxford University, 2014 Biography Courses Genevive Helleringer is a law professor at ESSEC Business School and a fellow of St Catherine's College, Oxford. She is also a practicing civil and commercial mediator. Before completing her doctoral work, Helleringer worked for Shiseido in Japan, and practiced corporate law at Willkie Farr & Gallagher in New York and later at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer in Paris (2000-2006). Her work was mainly in the field of corporate, private equity and capital markets, advising on investment funds for mergers and acquisitions and leveraged buy-outs. Her academic research focuses on contract, corporate and financial law and alternative dispute resolution, and draws on insights from comparative law, economics, sociology and psychology. She has written, edited, or contributed to numerous books and articles published in international law journals such as the Berkley Business Law Journal , Columbia Journal of European Law , Illinois Law Review , and Hastings Journal of International and Comparative Law . Genevive is an executive editor of the Journal of Financial Regulation (Oxford University Press). Helleringer holds a J.D. from Columbia Law School, an M.Sc. in legal sociology from Paris II Panthon-Assas University, as well as an M.Sc. and a doctorate in private law from the Sorbonne University (receiving three national prizes for her doctoral thesis on contract clauses, including the French Academy Grand Prize). She is admitted to the New York and the Paris Bars. She studied math, philosophy and literature as an undergraduate, and economics and social sciences later at Essec Business School and Sciences-Po Paris. She also completed an M.Sc. at Oxford University in experimental psychology. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 helleringer@law.ucla.edu 
 Barbara Herman Griffin Professor of Philosophy Professor of Law B.A. Cornell University, 1966 M.A. Harvard University, 1967 Ph.D. Harvard University, 1976 Biography Professor Barbara Herman has appointments in both the law and philosophy departments at UCLA. She is the Griffin Professor of Philosophy at the UCLA Department of Philosophy and is teaching in the new Law and Philosophy Specialization at the law school. She teaches and writes on moral philosophy, Kant's ethics, and the history of ethics, as well as social and political philosophy. She has published widely in moral philosophy, including The Practice of Moral Judgment , (Harvard University Press, 1993); "The Scope of Moral Requirement," Philosophy and Public Affairs , Summer 2001; "Rethinking Kant's Hedonism," in Facts and Values: Essays for Judith Thomson , eds. R. Stalnaker, R. Wedgwood, & A. Byrne (MIT Press, 2001); and "Morality and Everyday Life," in Proceedings of the American Philosophical Association , Nov. 2000. For more information on Professor Herman's work, please visit the Department of Philosophy . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 herman@humnet.ucla.edu 
 Jody L. Herman Williams Institute Scholar of Public Policy B.A. Illinois State University, 1999 M.A. George Washington University, 2004 Ph.D. George Washington University, 2010 Biography Jody L. Herman is a Williams Institute Scholar of Public Policy at UCLA School of Law. Her research has included studies of the fiscal impacts of discrimination against transgender people, employer-provided health benefits coverage for gender transition, the development of questions to identify gender minorities on population-based surveys, and minority stress, health, and suicidality among transgender people. Her research focuses on measurement of gender identity in survey research and the prevalence and impact of discrimination based on gender identity or expression, including issues related to gender regulation in public space and the built environment. Herman was previously a research consultant on issues of voting rights in low-income minority communities and gender identity discrimination. Herman holds a Ph.D. in Public Policy and Public Administration from The George Washington University, where she also earned her M.A. in Public Policy. Her doctoral dissertation focused on the development of anti-discrimination protections in public facilities for transgender and gender non-conforming people. She has worked on issues of poverty, womens rights, and anti-discrimination policy development with non-profit research, advocacy, and direct-service organizations in the United States and Mexico. Herman served as a co-author on the groundbreaking report Injustice at Every Turn , based on the National Transgender Discrimination Survey (NTDS) conducted by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and the National Center for Transgender Equality. She also served as Co-Principal Investigator for the follow-up to the NTDS and co-author of The Report of the 2015 U.S. Transgender Survey , which describes findings from the largest survey of transgender adults ever conducted in the United States. Her research is routinely cited by major news sources, such as The New York Times , Washington Post , LA Times , CNN , and PBS . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 hermanj@law.ucla.edu 
 Curt Hessler Former Chairman and CEO, 101 Communications Lecturer in Law B.A. Harvard, 1966 J.D. Yale, 1973 M.A. UC Berkeley, 1976 UCLA Faculty Since 2002 Biography Courses Curt Hessler has taught Antitrust Law and Information Law at UCLA School of Law since Fall 2002. He will also teach Digital Wars - Major Current Legal Battles in Information Economies. In his business career, he has served as Chairman and founding CEO of 101communications; President/CEO of Quarterdeck, Inc.; Chairman/CEO of I-Net, Inc.; Executive Vice President of the Times Mirror Company; Vice Chairman of Unisys Corporation; and Executive Vice President of Sears World Trade, Inc. Hessler was a partner at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison, and served as Assistant Treasury Secretary for Economic Policy in the Carter Administration. He clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart and U.S. Court of Appeals Judge J. Skelly Wright, after education at Yale Law School, the University of California at Berkeley (M.A. Economics), Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar, and Harvard College. Mr. Hessler resides with his family in Pasadena and may be reached at hessler@law.ucla.edu or curt@hesslermail.net , or at his home office phone, 626-799-5257. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 hessler@law.ucla.edu 
 Susan Hilderley Lecturer in Law B.A. University of Pennsylvania J.D. Harvard Law School Biography Courses Susan Hilderley teaches the Music Industry Clinic at UCLA School of Law. She is a partner in the entertainment transactions department at King, Holmes, Paterno & Soriano, LLP, focusing on the music industry. Her practice includes representing superstar artists with extensive catalogs, Grammy-winning producer/songwriters, up and coming pop artists, music industry executives, and entrepreneurs in the music space. Susan joined KHPS after a long and eventful career as a record company business affairs executive, most recently serving as Executive Vice President and Head of Business and Legal Affairs at Interscope Geffen A&M Records, a division of the Universal Music Group. She began her legal career at the law firm of Mitchell, Silberberg & Knupp, where she handled a broad range of transactional matters. Susan received her B.A. in psychology summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania, and her J.D. cum laude from Harvard Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 hilderley@law.ucla.edu 
 Richard G. Hirsch Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA, 1961 J.D. UC Berkeley Boalt School of Law, 1965 Biography Courses Richard Hirsch teaches Criminal Law as part of UCLA School of Laws part-time externship program. He is currently partner at Andrues / Podberesky, a criminal and civil litigation boutique law firm specializing in the representation of clients involved in federal and state criminal investigations and prosecutions, administrative proceedings, commercial litigation, and False Claims Act cases. Mr. Hirsch has extensive experience in criminal litigation. He is a Certified Specialist in Criminal Law by the State Bar of California Board of Legal Specialization. Mr. Hirsch has been recognized throughout his career for his work as a criminal defense attorney. Such awards include the Criminal Courts Bar Association 2003 Career Achievement Award and the 2014 Mort Herbert Service Award. He has also been awarded Criminal Defense Attorney of the Year by the Century City Bar Association in 1996, and was named Defense Attorney of the Year by the Criminal Justice Section of the Los Angeles County Bar Association in 1999. He has been named in Super Lawyers of Southern California from 2004 to present. Mr. Hirsch has held positions in numerous organizations focusing on criminal justice issues. He was a Chairman of the Criminal Law Section of the Beverly Hills Bar Association, and a Member of its Board of Directors. Mr. Hirsch was also President of the Criminal Courts Bar Association, President and Vice President of the California Attorneys for Criminal Justice, and a Member of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. Mr. Hirsch has served as a Commissioner of the California Council on Criminal Justice, Member of the Chief Justices Special Advisory Committee on Courts and the Media, Chair of the Criminal Justice Walk of Fame Committee, Member of the Los Angeles County Bar Association Task Force on the State Criminal Justice System, and President and Vice President of the American Board of Criminal Lawyers. Prior to entering private practice, Mr. Hirsch was a Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney. Mr. Hirsch is the author of I Know It When I Seize It: Selected Problems in Obscenity, published in Loyola University of Los Angeles Law Review . He has authored a chapter entitled Release Procedures, in the California Criminal Law, Procedure and Practice treatise. Mr. Hirsch has also been an Instructor for the California Trial Lawyers Association. Mr. Hirsch received his B.A. from UCLA, and his J.D. from UC Berkeley Boalt School of Law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 hirsch@law.ucla.edu 
 Cara Horowitz Andrew Sabin Family Foundation Co-Executive Director of the Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment Co-Director, UCLA Environmental Law Clinic B.A. Yale, 1996 J.D. UCLA, 2001 UCLA Faculty Since 2008 Biography Courses Cara Horowitz is the Co-Executive Director of the Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at UCLA School of Law. The Emmett Institute was founded as the first law school center in the nation focused on climate law and policy. Cara teaches at the law school and directs the work of the Emmett Center to advance innovative research, public policy debate, and legislative reform to address climate change and its effects. Caras areas of focus include California and federal climate policy and local sustainability. She has testified to the California legislature on climate policy and has been quoted in the Washington Post , the Daily Journal , the Los Angeles Times , and other media. She serves on the governing boards of local and national environmental organizations, including the Climate Law Institute, Climate Resolve, and the Green LA Coalition. Prior to joining UCLA, Cara worked in the non-profit sector as a staff attorney at the Natural Resources Defense Council, where she litigated high-profile cases and advocated domestically and internationally to preserve and protect oceans and wildlife. She has also worked at Caldwell, Leslie and Proctor, a litigation boutique, and served as law clerk to the Honorable Dorothy W. Nelson of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Horowitz is a 2001 graduate of the UCLA School of Law, where she was an articles editor of the UCLA Law Review and finished first in her class. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 horowitz@law.ucla.edu 
 Jill R. Horwitz Vice Dean for Faculty and Intellectual Life and Professor of Law B.A. Northwestern University, 1988 M.P.P. Harvard University, 1994 J.D. Harvard University, 1997 Ph.D. Harvard University, 2002 (310) 206-1577 Biography Bibliography Courses Jill Horwitz is Vice Dean for Faculty and Intellectual Life and Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law and Professor of Public Affairs (by courtesy) at the UCLA Luskin School of Public Affairs. She is also a Research Associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research and Adjunct Professor of Economics at the University of Victoria Department of Economics in British Columbia, Canada. Prior to joining UCLA in 2012, she was on the faculty at the University of Michigan, where she was the Louis and Myrtle Moskowitz Research Professor of Business and Law and Co-Director of Law and Economics. She also held joint appointments at Michigan with the School of Public Health and the Ford School of Public Policy. As the Reporter for the American Law Institute Restatement of the Law, Charitable Nonprofit Organizations, Professor Horwitz has led the ALIs first Restatement on the subject. At UCLA, Professor Horwitz teaches Torts , Health Law , Nonprofit Law , as well as seminars in law and economics, governance, and health care reform. Both a legal scholar and policy expert, Professor Horwitz is addressing some of the most pressing law and policy issues of our day, including the opioid crisis, health insurance, and health care markets. A highly productive scholar, she has published widely in top law reviews, health policy journals, and economics journals. Her empirical research on hospital ownership and medical service provision has won several awards. Professor Horwitz received her B.A. with honors from Northwestern University. She holds a Masters Degree in Public Policy, a J.D. magna cum laude , and a Ph.D. in health policy, all from Harvard University. Following law school, she served as a law clerk for Judge Norman Stahl of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Horwitz is a fellow at the National Academy of Social Insurance and a member of the Bar of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and has been a member of the Board of Advisors at the New York University National Center on Philanthropy and the Law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 206-1577 horwitz@law.ucla.edu 
 Megan R. Hutchinson Visiting Professor B.A. Stanford University, 2000 M.A. Stanford University, 2001 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2008 Biography Courses Megan Hutchinson will co-teach Negotiation Theory and Practice at UCLA School of Law. She is currently Assistant Professor of Legal Writing at University of San Francisco School of Law, where she teaches Negotiation , Legal Research , Writing and Analysis , and American Legal Systems . In addition to teaching, Hutchinson practices law as Of Counsel with Maier Law Group and Principal of Hutchinson Law and serves on the Miller Creek Elementary School District Board of Trustees. Hutchinson received her B.A. and M.A. from Stanford University, and her J.D. from UCLA School of Law where she was Executive Editor for UCLA Law Review and Editor-in-Chief for Pacific Basin Law Journal . Her publications have appeared in UCLA Law Review and Florida A&M University Law Review . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 hutchinson@law.ucla.edu 
 Leslie Johns Associate Professor of Political Science and Law B.F.A Carnegie Mellon University, 2002 M.S. Carnegie Mellon University, 2003 M.A. New York University, 2005 Ph.D. New York University, 2008 Biography Bibliography Professor Johns research and teaching lies at the intersection of international law and international relations. In particular, she focuses on international trade disputes at the WTO, the property rights of foreign investors, and the design of international courts and treaties. Her recent publications include: " Under One Roof: Supply Chains and the Protection of Foreign Investment ," (with Rachel Wellhausen), 110 American Political Science Review 31 (2016), " Fear of Crowds in World Trade Organization Disputes: Why Don't More Countries Participate? " (with Krzysztof Pelc), 78 Journal of Politics 88 (2016), and Strengthening International Courts: The Hidden Costs of Legalization (University of Michigan Press, 2015). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 ljohns@polisci.ucla.edu 
 Peter Johnson Lecturer in Law B.S. University of Maryland, 1993 J.D. University of Maryland School of Law, 1999 M.B.A IE Business School, 2009 Biography Courses Peter Johnson teaches Criminal Trial Advocacy . His areas of interest include trial advocacy, criminal justice, business litigation and public interest law. Johnson currently operates his own law practice in Los Angeles, where he represents individuals and entities charged with complex criminal offenses in state and federal courts. He is also a member of the federal indigent defense panel in Los Angeles, where he represents indigent clients before the United States District Court in Los Angeles and the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Previously, he was a trial attorney with the Office of the Federal Public Defender in Los Angeles and Baltimore, and a litigation attorney with a law firm in Washington, D.C. Johnson earned his B.S. at University of Maryland at College Park and his J.D. from University of Maryland School of Law (Order of Barristers). In law school, he was a member of the National Trial Team and the Philip C. Jessup International Moot Court Team. After law school, he clerked for the Honorable Robert M. Bell, Chief Judge for the Court of Appeals of Maryland and the Honorable Alexander Williams, United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. He also received his M.B.A. from IE Business School in Madrid, Spain, where he lived and taught graduate and undergraduate level courses in business and law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 johnson@law.ucla.edu 
 Jerry Kang Vice Chancellor for Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Distinguished Professor of Law Professor of Asian American Studies (by courtesy) Korea Times--Hankook Ilbo Chair in Korean American Studies and Law A.B. Harvard, 1990 J.D. Harvard, 1993 UCLA Faculty Since 1995 Biography Bibliography Courses Please refer to Professor Kang's official UCLA Faculty Web site: http://www.jerrykang.net/ Jerry Kang is Vice Chancellor for Equity, Diversity and Inclusion. He is also a Distinguished Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, Professor of Asian American Studies (by courtesy) at UCLA, and the inaugural Korea Times Hankook Ilbo Chair in Korean American Studies and Law . Professor Jerry Kangs teaching and research interests include civil procedure, race, and communications. On race, he has focused on the nexus between implicit bias and the law, with the goal of advancing a behavioral realism that imports new scientific findings from the mind sciences into legal discourse and policymaking. He is also an expert on Asian American communities, and has written about hate crimes, affirmative action, the Japanese American internment, and its lessons for the War on Terror. He is a co-author of Race, Rights, and Reparation: The Law and the Japanese American Internment (2d ed. Wolters Kluwer 2013). On communications, Professor Kang has published on the topics of privacy, pervasive computing, mass media policy, and cyber-race (the techno-social construction of race in cyberspace). He is also the author of Communications Law & Policy: Cases and Materials (4th edition Foundation 2012), a leading casebook in the field. During law school, Professor Kang was a supervising editor of the Harvard Law Review and Special Assistant to Harvard Universitys Advisory Committee on Free Speech. After graduation, he clerked for Judge William A. Norris of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, then worked at the National Telecommunications and Information Administration on cyberspace policy. He joined UCLA in Fall 1995 and has been recognized for his teaching by being elected Professor of the Year in 1998; receiving the law schools Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching in 2007; and being chosen for the highest university-wide distinction, the University Distinguished Teaching Award (The Eby Award for the Art of Teaching) in 2010. At UCLA, he was founding co-Director of the Concentration for Critical Race Studies , the first program of its kind in American legal education. He is also founding co-Director of PULSE: Program on Understanding Law, Science, and Evidence . During 2003-05, Prof. Kang was Visiting Professor at both Harvard Law School and Georgetown Law Center. During the 2013-14 academic year, he was in residence at the Straus Institute for the Advanced Study of Law & Justice at NYU School of Law as a Straus Fellow as well as the David M. Friedman Fellow . Prof. Kang is a member of the American Law Institute , has chaired the American Association of Law Schools Section on Defamation and Privacy, has served on the Board of Directors of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , and has received numerous awards including the World Technology Award for Law and the Vice Presidents Hammer Award for Reinventing Government. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 kang@law.ucla.edu Related Information Personal Web Site 
 Steven J. Kaplan Lecturer in Law B.A. UC Berkeley, 1974 J.D. UC Berkeley Boalt School of Law, 1978 Biography Courses Steve Kaplan co-teaches Employment Law with Scott Ames. Mr. Kaplan currently operates his own law practice in Los Angeles. His practice includes civil trial, appellate and administrative agency work in many areas of labor, employment, and civil rights law, representing individual employees, labor unions and employers. He has won six and seven-figure results for victims of wrongful termination and discrimination, and has successfully represented employers and employees in trade secret cases. Among the labor organizations he has represented are the American Federation of Musicians, the Sheet Metal Workers International Association, the Graphic Communications International Union, the United Food and Commercial Workers Union and the Screen Actors Guild. Mr. Kaplan frequently speaks at continuing education conferences. His publications in the field of labor and employment law have appeared in the Los Angeles Daily Journal , Los Angeles Lawyer , and California Labor & Employment Law Quarterly among others. He has been recognized as a California Super Lawyer since 2005, and was elected as a Fellow of the College of Labor and Employment Lawyers in 2010. Mr. Kaplan earned his B.A. in History with Great Distinction, Phi Beta Kappa from UC Berkeley, and his J.D. from UC Berkeley Boalt School of Law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 kaplan@law.ucla.edu 
 Mark S. Karlan Lecturer in Law A.B. Harvard College, 1980 J.D. Harvard Law School, 1984 M.B.A. Harvard Business School, 1984 Biography Courses Mark Karlan will teach Financial Concepts in Real Estate Transactions at UCLA School of Law. He is a Continuing Lecturer in Finance at UCLA Anderson School of Management where he has taught Real Estate Finance and Investments to over 2,400 students since 2012. He was also a faculty advisor in the Anderson Schools Applied Management Research field study program at UCLA where he advised the 2014/2015 AMR team that won the Deloitte Consulting Award. Karlan has 35 years of experience in the commercial real estate finance and investment business. He is currently the President and CEO of American Medical Properties and serves on the Board of Directors of Garden Remedies Inc., one of the leading vertically integrated cannabis companies in Massachusetts. Karlan was an Executive Managing Director of CBRE Global Investors from 2006 through 2011 where he was a member of the firm's global Executive Committee and regional Investment Committees. He was the President and founder of the firm's Strategic Partners Asia II fund, a value-added real estate fund with $1.2 billion of assets that was one of the top performing funds of its vintage with offices in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing, Tokyo and Singapore. Previously, Karlan was the President and CEO, founder and a member of the Board of Directors of Imperial Credit Commercial Mortgage Investment Corp., a NASDAQ listed REIT that invested in both commercial real estate and commercial mortgage loans in the U.S. and Europe. Imperial Credit Commercial was the top performing mortgage REIT from the time of its 1997 initial public offering that raised more than $500 million of equity capital through the date of its sale to another public company in 2000. Karlan began his career at JMB Realty Corp. in Chicago in 1985 where he was a Senior Vice President and partner and led the acquisition of the Cadillac Fairview Company, one of the largest real estate firms in North America. Karlan has acquired and financed more than 100 commercial properties and portfolios of commercial mortgage loans globally with a gross asset value exceeding $10 billion on behalf of institutional and other investors. Karlan graduated with honors from Harvard Law School, Harvard Business School and Harvard College, received a John Harvard Scholarship for academic achievement of the highest distinction and was a winner of the Williston contract negotiation competition. Karlan is a featured speaker at institutional and private equity conferences. He is a member of the California State Bar and is a California licensed real estate broker. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 karlan@law.ucla.edu 
 Harjot Kaur Emmett/Frankel Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy B.A. Trinity University, 2013 J.D. American University Washington College of Law, 2017 Biography Courses Harjot Kaur is an Emmett/Frankel Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law for 2018-2020. She was previously a law fellow at Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility, and a law clerk for the Department of Justice in Washington, D.C. Prior to law school, she worked in constituent services for City Councilman Ron Nirenberg in San Antonio, Texas. Kaur earned her B.A. in political science and communication from Trinity University, and her J.D. from American University Washington College of Law where she was senior editor and symposium editor of the Sustainable Development Law & Policy Brief . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 kaur@law.ucla.edu 
 Amjad Mahmood Khan Lecturer in Law B.A. Claremont McKenna College, 2001 J.D. Harvard Law School, 2004 Biography Courses Amjad Mahmood Khan teaches Fundamentals of U.S. Contract Law for Foreign Lawyers . A partner at Brown, Neri, Smith & Khan LLP ( bnsklaw.com ), he represents both plaintiffs and defendants in a wide range of high-stakes business litigation, including disputes related to commercial contracts, civil fraud, business torts, intellectual property, energy, insurance, antitrust and unfair competition and the False Claims Act. Amjad's clients have included a range of high-profile corporations, executives and organizations, including mortgage lenders, energy companies, technology firms, major airlines, municipalities and religious establishments. Amjad has extensive stand-up trial experience, having won multiple significant jury verdicts, including an award of approximately $12.5 million in compensatory and punitive damages. Amjad has significant appellate experience briefing and arguing appeals in both state and federal courts across the nation. Amjad has been recognized as a Rising Star by Southern California Super Lawyers every year since 2012. Amjad previously served as litigation counsel at Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, associate at Latham & Watkins LLP and judicial clerk to the Honorable Warren J. Ferguson at the Ninth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals. Amjad received his J.D. in 2004 from Harvard Law School. While in law school, Amjad served as editor-in-chief of the Harvard Human Rights Law Journal and as a teaching assistant to Professor Scott Brewer (Contracts, Jurisprudence). Amjad graduated summa cum laude from Claremont McKenna College in 2001, with a B.A. in Government and English (Literature). In addition to his litigation practice, Amjad devotes a considerable portion of his time to pro bono matters. Amjad has special expertise in asylum and refugee law, deportation defense and providing legal aid to disaster victims. Amjad was co-chair of Latham & Watkins global human rights and refugee practice group. Amjad has first chaired over two dozen successful immigration and asylum matters. Amjad has received numerous awards and accolades for his pro bono work, which includes sharing the 2012 Muslim Advocates Thurgood Marshall Award. Amjad has also served as an expert witness in asylum cases and has testified five times before the U.S. House of Representatives on the human rights abuses of religious minorities in the Near East and South Asia. Amjad is also a term member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Amjad has published articles on qui tam and derivative suit litigation in Financial Fraud Law Report and Securities Regulation and Law Report . Amjads academic work focuses on transnational legal studies, comparative constitutional law and national security. He is a recognized expert on religious freedom in the Islamic world, and his scholarship has appeared in Harvard International Law Journal , Harvard National Security Law Journal , Harvard Human Rights Journal and Richmond Journal of Global Law and Business . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 khan@law.ucla.edu 
 Sung Hui Kim Professor of Law Faculty Director of the Program on In-House Counsel, Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy B.A. Emory, 1988 M.A Emory, 1988 J.D. Harvard, 1992 UCLA Faculty since 2010 Biography Bibliography Courses Sung Hui Kim is the Faculty Director of the Program on In-House Counsel, Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy, UCLA School of Law. She has taught Business Associations , Contracts , Professional Responsibility , Securities Regulation , and seminars on the psychology of modern legal practice and legal ethics. She has written on a wide range of topics, including the role of in-house counsel in corporate compliance, cognitive science and the legal profession, fiduciary law, public and private corruption, insider trading law, legal ethics, social psychology and ethics, the role of gatekeepers in securities regulation, sovereign debt, and supermajority provisions in the U.S. Constitution. Her scholarship has appeared in both peer-reviewed and student-edited publications, such as Cambridge University Press , Capital Markets Law Journal , Cornell Law Review , Fordham Law Review , Georgetown Journal of Legal Ethics , Oxford University Press , UCLA Law Review , Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society , Securities Law Review , and University of Chicago Press . She holds a J.D. from Harvard Law School, cum laude , and a B.A., summa cum laude , and M.A. in History from Emory University. Prior to law school, she was a Henry Luce Foundation Scholar in South Korea. Following law school, she was a Robert Bosch Foundation Fellow in Germany. After six years in private practice as a transactional lawyer, she joined Red Bull North America, Inc. as its first general counsel and served for four years prior to making the transition to law teaching. In 2005, she joined Southwestern Law School and in 2010 joined the faculty of UCLA School of Law. From 2013-14, she was an Emile Nol Fellow of the Jean Monnet Center for International and Regional Economic Law & Justice, NYU School of Law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 kim.sung@law.ucla.edu 
 Kenneth N. Klee Professor of Law Emeritus A.B. Stanford, 1971 J.D. Harvard, 1974 UCLA Faculty Since 1979 Biography Bibliography Courses Professor Kenneth Klee joined the UCLA Law faculty in July 1997 after teaching bankruptcy and reorganization law as a Visiting Lecturer commencing in 1979. He taught at Harvard Law School during the 19951996 academic year as the Robert Braucher Visiting Professor from Practice and at Georgia State University College of Law during 2003 as the SBLI Visiting Professor. Since 1975, Professor Klee has participated on several hundred programs for the continuing education of the bar in the area of bankruptcy and business reorganizations. He has served twice as a Lawyer Representative to the 9th Circuit Judicial Conference and has served since 2011 on the Ninth Judicial Circuit Historical Society Advisory Council. Mr. Klee also serves as a member of The American Law Institute and was an Adviser on its Transnational Insolvency Project. In addition, he is a founding member and past Director of the International Insolvency Institute. Mr. Klee is a past president and member of the Board of Governors of the Financial Lawyers Conference of Los Angeles. He served from 2011-2014 as one of 18 voting Commissioners on the American Bankruptcy Institutes' Commission to Study the Reform of Chapter 11. He served from 2011-2014 as member of the executive committee of the National Bankruptcy Conference, a capacity in which he previously served from 1985 to 1988, 1992 to 2000 and 2005 to 2008. Professor Klee served from 2011-2014 as Chair of the National Bankruptcy Conference's Committee to Rethink Chapter 11 and also served as chair of its legislation committee from 1992 to 2000. Mr. Klee was Associate Counsel, Committee on Judiciary, U.S. House of Representatives 1974-1977, where he was a principal draftsman of the Bankruptcy Code. Since then, he has served periodically as a bankruptcy consultant to the House Judiciary Committee, 1977-1982, and to the United States Department of Justice, 1983-1984. Mr. Klee served as a contributing editor to Collier on Bankruptcy from 1979 until 1996 and a consulting editor from 1980 to 1996. Mr. Klee served from 1992-2000 as a member of the Advisory Committee on Bankruptcy Rules of the United States Judicial Conference. In June 1994, he led a mission to China sponsored by the International Republican Institute to assist in the writing of the Chinese Bankruptcy Laws. In 2015, Professor Klee received the American College of Bankruptcy's Distinguished Service Award. In 2013, Professor Klee was named by The International Whos Who of Insolvency & Restructuring Lawyers 2013 as one of the top ten most highly regarded insolvency and restructuring attorneys in the world. In addition, he was inducted into the Turnaround Management Associations Turnaround, Restructuring, and Distressed Investing Industry Hall of Fame. Professor Klee also received The Bankruptcy Inn Alliance Distinguished Service Award for 2013. Professor Klee is a founding Member of Klee, Tuchin, Bogdanoff & Stern LLP, specializing in corporate reorganization, insolvency, and bankruptcy law. Representative clients of Mr. Klee have included: Jefferson County, Alabama and Town of Mammoth Lakes, California , as Chapter 9 debtors; 400 South Hope Street Associates L.P. , in which he served as lead debtor's counsel; the debtors in Barney's Inc. , et al., as debtors' special counsel; the debtors in Anacomp, Inc. ; the debtors in Sun World ; the debtors in the five administratively consolidated Standard Brands Paint Company cases; the debtor in Financial Corporation of America ; the creditors' committees in the Adelphia, Del Taco, Iridium, Momentive, Papercraft and Griffin Resorts, Inc . chapter 11 cases; the noteholders' committee in PG&E National Energy Group , and Marlene Penrod, as appellee before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in In re Penrod ; the out-of-court bondholders' committees in the Charter Medical and Orion Pictures restructurings; the out-of-court Bondholders' Steering Committee in Primestar ; and Pennzoil , in the Texaco Inc . chapter 11 case. Equity investors in 203 N. La Salle Street Assocs .; Boston Chicken Plan Trust as majority equity owner of Einstein/Noah Bagel Corp.; Marshall , as appellee before the Supreme Court of the United States in Stern v. Marshall , 131 S. Ct. 2594 (2011); First Trust and Bank of New York , trustees, as appellees before the New York Court of Appeals and the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit in Chemical Bank v. First Trust ( In re Southeast Banking Corp. ); Maxwell Communication Corp. PLC, as appellant before the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Maxwell Communication Corp. PLC v. Societe Generale, et al ; counsel of record for Penrod in AmeriCredit Financial Servs. v. Penrod ( In re Penrod ), 611 F .3d 1158 (9th Cir. 2010), petition for rehearing en banc denied, 636 F 3d 1175 (9th Cir. 2011), cert. denied, 132 S. Ct. 108 (2011). He also has served as an expert witness in over 50 matters and as The Examiner in Tribune . Professor Klee is the author of: Bankruptcy and the Supreme Court (Lexis-Nexis, 2008) (Supreme Court bankruptcy case data base available at http://apps.law.ucla.edu/supremecourtcases/ ); and co-author of both Bankruptcy and the Supreme Court: 1801-2014 (West Academic, 2015) available at http://store.westacademic.com/s.nl/it.A/id.16776/.f and Business Reorganization in Bankruptcy (West, 1996; 2d ed. 2001; 3d ed. 2006, 4th ed. ThompsonReuters/West, 2012) and Fundamentals of Bankruptcy Law (ALI-ABA, 4th Ed. 1996, Supplement, 1998). He has authored or co-authored thirty law review articles on bankruptcy law. Among his published works are "One Size Fits Some: Single Asset Real Estate Bankruptcy Cases," 87 Cornell L. Rev. 1285-1332 (September 2002); also published in 4 Legal Scholarship Network: UCLA School of Law Research Paper Series (Mar. 20, 2002), available at http://www.ssrn.com ; "Asset-Backed Securitization, Special Purpose Vehicles and Other Securitization Issues," (with Brendt C. Butler), 35 U.C.C. Law Journal 23-67 (September 2002); "Teaching Transactional Law," 27 Calif. Bankr. J. 295-311 (2004); "The Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 -- Business Bankruptcy Amendments, (with Brendt C. Butler), 38 Uniform Commercial Code Law Journal 301-71 (2006); "Recalibrating Consent in Bankruptcy," (with Daniel Bussel), 83 American Bankruptcy Law Journal 663-748 (2009) Full Text ; and "Rethinking Chapter 11," 21(5) Norton Journal of Bankruptcy Law and Practice 465 (2012). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 klee@law.ucla.edu Klee, Tuchin, Bogdanoff & Stern LLP 1999 Avenue of the Stars, 39th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90067 Telephone: (310) 407-4000 Facsimile: (310) 407-9090 kklee@ktbslaw.com 
 Benjamin Klein Visiting Professor B.A. Brooklyn College, City University of New York, 1964 M.A. University of Chicago, 1967 Ph.D University of Chicago, 1970 Biography Courses Benjamin Klein teaches Antitrust Law . Klein is currently a Professor Emeritus of Economics at UCLA. He has been a professor at UCLA since 1968. He has also been a Senior Consultant at Compass Lexecon since 2009. Professor Klein has consulted extensively on antitrust issues and has made numerous presentations to state, federal, and foreign regulatory agencies and courts. He has served as a consultant to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and has testified before the U.S. Congress. Professor Klein received his B.A. cum laude in Philosophy from Brooklyn College, City University of New York, and his M.A. and Ph.D. in Economics from University of Chicago. He has published widely on antitrust, contract and intellectual property issues, making landmark economic contributions in the areas of vertical restraints and the economics of the firm that have been cited in 25 United States Federal Court (including Supreme Court) decisions. He has taught at the Economics Institute for Federal Judges and currently serves on the board of editors of five academic journals, including as a contributing editor to the Antitrust Law Journal. His most recent publications include: Price-Cost Tests in Antitrust Analysis of Single Product Loyalty Contracts (with Andres V. Lerner), Antitrust Law Journal , Vol. 80, pp 631-679 (2016); The Evolving Law and Economics of Resale Price Maintenance, Journal of Law & Economics , Vol. 57, No. S3 (supplement), pp S161-S179 (2014); Resale Price Maintenance of Online Retailing, Oxford Handbook of International Antitrust Economics , Roger D. Blair and D. Daniel Sokol (eds.), Vol. 2, Chapter 12, pp 277-303, Oxford University Press (2014); Single Entity Analysis of Joint Ventures After American Needle: An Economic Perspective, Antitrust Law Journal , Vol. 78, pp 669-688 (2013); and The Hub-and-Spoke Conspiracy that Created the Standard Oil Monopoly, Southern California Law Review , Vol. 85, pp 459-498 (2012). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 kleinb@law.ucla.edu 
 William A. Klein Richard C. Maxwell Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus A.B. Harvard, 1952 LL.B. Harvard, 1957 UCLA Faculty Since 1971 Biography Bibliography William A. Klein taught and wrote in the fields of business organizations and federal income taxation. Before joining UCLA, Professor Klein clerked for Judge David L. Bazelon of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. He then worked at the U.S. Department of Justice and for a Boston law firm, before teaching at the University of Wisconsin for ten years. His recreational activities include running, skiing, and fly fishing. Professor Klein has co-authored: Business Organization and Finance (11th ed., with Coffee and Partnoy, 2010); Federal Income Taxation (15th ed., with Bankman, Shaviro, and Stark, 2009); Business Associations, Cases and Materials on Agency, Partnership, and Corporations (9th ed., with Ramseyer and Bainbridge, 2015); and Agency, Partnerships, and Limited Liability Entities (3d ed., with Ramseyer and Bainbridge, 2012). His recent articles focus on the legal organization of economic activity. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 klein@law.ucla.edu 
 Jasleen Kohli Director, Critical Race Studies Program B.A. UC Berkeley, 1998 J.D. Harvard, 2003 Biography Courses Jasleen Kohli is the Director of the Critical Race Studies Program at UCLA School of Law. As Director, Kohli is the primary administrator of the CRS specialization, the only one of its kind in the country, and is also responsible for the development and management of CRS Program activities aimed at the broader law school community. Kohli has practiced in the areas of civil rights, labor law, and policy development, and her work has revolved around integrating Critical Race Theory principles into practice. Prior to joining UCLA Law, Kohli served as policy analyst for the Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy (LAANE), a leading advocacy organization dedicated to promoting sustainable economic development. At LAANE, Kohli developed and advocated for innovative policies designed to address social inequality in the citys lowest wage sectors. Prior to her position at LAANE, Kohli was the first in-house counsel at UNITE HERE Local 11, the union representing hotel and food service workers. Kohli currently sits on the boards of Dignity and Power Now, a grassroots organization based in Los Angeles that fights for the dignity and power of incarcerated people, their families, and communities; SAJE (Strategic Actions for a Just Economy), an economic justice nonprofit focusing on tenant rights, healthy housing, and equitable development; and Economic Roundtable, a nonprofit urban research organization which conducts large-scale data analyses to identify actionable solutions to crucial social, economic, and environmental problems facing communities. Kohli received her J.D. from Harvard Law School and her B.A. from UC Berkeley with Highest Honors in English Literature, with an emphasis in postcolonial theory. While at Harvard Law, she served as a student attorney at the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau, representing low-income clients in family law matters, and co-directed and produced a highly regarded documentary on issues of race and legal pedagogy entitled Legally Black and Brown and Yellow and Red . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 kohli@law.ucla.edu 
 Allison Korn Assistant Dean for Experiential Education B.A. Roanoke College, 2002 J.D. University of Mississippi, 2007 Biography Courses Allison Korn is the Assistant Dean for Experiential Education at UCLA School of Law. She was previously the Clinical Director for the Resnick Program for Food Law and Policy. She teaches Introduction to the Lawyer-Client Relationship and Food Law Clinic . Korns teaching and scholarship focus on law, policy, and practices that impact vulnerable individuals and communities access to justice. Prior to joining UCLAW, Korn was a Clinical Teaching Fellow at the University of Baltimore School of Law, where she co-taught Family Law Clinic and supervised students in their direct representation of clients in family law and civil matters. Additionally, she supervised students in their Maryland state legislative advocacy projects and community-based participatory research activities. Korn also taught at the University of Mississippi School of Law, where she designed a seminar and practicum addressing poverty in the region. As a practitioner, Korn was a member of the inaugural class of family defense attorneys at the Bronx Defenders in New York, representing parents charged with abuse and neglect and fighting against unnecessary removal of children from their families. She also used legal advocacy and community organizing as the South-based staff attorney for National Advocates for Pregnant Women, an organization devoted to protecting the rights and human dignity of all women. Korn is a graduate of Roanoke College, where she was the David Bittle Scholar, and earned her J.D. from the University of Mississippi School of Law. While in law school, Korn co-founded the Student Hurricane Network, a national network of more than 5,500 law students advancing the cause of social justice in communities affected by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 korn@law.ucla.edu 
 Russell Korobkin Richard C. Maxwell Professor of Law B.A. Stanford, 1989 J.D. Stanford, 1994 UCLA Faculty Since 2000 Biography Bibliography Courses Russell Korobkin is the Richard C. Maxwell Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, where he teaches Contracts , Negotiation and Health Care Law . He was previously Vice Dean for Academic and Institutional Affairs from 2014-2019. Prior to joining the UCLA faculty in 2001, he held appointments at the University of Illinois College of Law and the University of Illinois Institute of Government and Public Affairs. He has taught as a full-time visiting professor at Harvard Law School (2007) and the University of Texas School of Law (1999-2000), and has taught short courses at the University of Arizona, the University of Houston, the University of Nevada-Las Vegas, Pepperdine University and Vanderbilt University. He is a regular visiting professor at the German Graduate School of Business and Law in Heilbronn, Germany (Negotiation) and La Trobe University in Melbourne, Australia (Contracts). Prior to entering law teaching, Professor Korobkin graduated from Stanford University and Stanford Law School, clerked for the Honorable James L. Buckley of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and worked as an associate at the law firm of Covington & Burling in Washington, D.C. Professor Korobkin is the author of the leading negotiation textbook, Negotiation Theory and Strategy , the contracts casebook, K: A Common Law Approach to Contracts , both published by Wolters Kluwer, and Stem Cell Century: Law and Policy for a Breakthrough Technology , published by Yale University Press. He has also published more than 50 law journal articles in the fields of behavioral law and economics, negotiation and alternative dispute resolution, contract law, the health care law and stem cell research, including Law and Behavioral Science: Removing the Rationality Assumption from Law and Economics, which is currently the most cited law review article published in the 21st Century. Most of his published articles, along with working papers, can be downloaded from the Social Science Research Network (SSRN) at http://ssrn.com/author=45482 . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 korobkin@law.ucla.edu 
 Sarah Korobkin Director of Special Projects for Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy B.A. University of Virginia, 1993 J.D. College of William and Mary, 1998 Biography Courses Sarah Korobkin is the Director of Special Projects for Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy. Before joining UCLA, she was a transactional attorney first at the law firm of Arnold & Porter, LLP and most recently at Fox Rothschild, LLP. Sarahs practice focused on acquiring and protecting rights in intellectual and tangible property for her clients in the entertainment, technology and retail fields. While primarily a business lawyer, Sarah has also had substantial litigation experience managing large and small-scale litigation matters. Prior to entering private practice, Sarah served as a law clerk to the Honorable Douglas O. Tice, Jr., Chief Justice of the Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Sarah received her B.A. from the University of Virginia in 1993 and a J.D. from the William and Mary School of Law in 1998, where she graduated Order of the Coif and was a teaching assistant in the schools Legal Skills Program. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 korobkins@law.ucla.edu 
 Jodi Kruger Director, Reference & Research Services B.A. Cornell University, 1990 J.D. Cornell Law School, 1993 M.L.I.S. UCLA, 2006 Biography Courses Jodi Kruger co-teaches Advanced Legal Research . She is the Director of Reference & Research Services at UCLA Hugh and Hazel Darling Law Library. Before joining UCLA, Kruger was the Associate Director for Reference Services at the Pepperdine University School of Law Library. Kruger also previously practiced law, specializing in employment and labor law. She worked at Littler Mendelson and Epstein, Turner & Song and was in-house employment counsel for Countrywide Home Loans. Kruger received her B.A. in Government from Cornell University, where she was the President of the speech and debate team. She subsequently earned her J.D. from Cornell Law School, where she was on the Cornell International Law Journal and was Chancellor of the moot court board. Following more than a decade of legal practice, Kruger returned to school, obtaining her M.L.I.S. with distinction from UCLA Graduate School of Education and Information Science. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 kruger@law.ucla.edu 
 Carolyn B. Kuhl Lecturer in Law A.B. Princeton University J.D. Duke Law School Biography Courses Judge Carolyn B. Kuhl teaches Civil Procedure in Practice at UCLA School of Law. Judge Kuhl was appointed to serve as a Judge of the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles in 1995. Judge Kuhl was a founding judge of the States Complex Civil Litigation Courts and has served for more than 10 years in that assignment. The central focus of the Complex Civil Litigation Courts is to expedite case resolution while reducing litigation costs. Judge Kuhl served as Presiding Judge of the Los Angeles Superior Court in 2015 and 2016 and as Assistant Presiding Judge in 2013 and 2014. The Los Angeles Superior Court is the largest state trial court in the Country with more than 550 judicial officers spread over the County of Los Angeles in 40 courthouses. As Presiding Judge, Judge Kuhl was responsible for ensuring that the work of the Court is addressed in a context that ensures access to justice, determining the number and type of courtrooms located in each courthouse, assigning each judicial officer to a courtroom and case type, overseeing the Court budget and advocating for budget resources. The Chief Justice of the California Supreme Court appointed Judge Kuhl to serve on the Committee on the Future of the California Courts in 2014. Judge Kuhl was a Member of the Judicial Council of California, the policy-making body for the California state court system, from 2006 through 2009. She was a Member of the statewide Advisory Committee on Civil Jury Instructions and served on the Task Force on Civil Jury Instructions. She was a Member of the Governing Committee of the Center for Judicial Education and Research (CJER). The Chief Justice of the United States recently named Judge Kuhl to the Committee on Rules of Practice and Procedure of the Judicial Conference of the United States (commonly known as the Standing Committee on Federal Rules). She is the first state trial judge to serve on that Committee. She is a member of the Council of the American Law Institute and serves on the Executive Committee of the Council. She is a member of the Board of Overseers of the Institute for Civil Justice of the Rand Corporation, and she is Vice Chair of the Governing Council of the American Bar Association Center for Innovation in the Legal Profession. Prior to her appointment to the bench, Judge Kuhl was a partner in the law firm of Munger, Tolles & Olson. From 1981 through 1986 she served in the United States Department of Justice as Special Assistant to the Attorney General, Deputy Assistant Attorney General (Civil Division), and Principal Deputy Solicitor General, preparing and arguing cases before the United States Supreme Court. Judge Kuhl was a law clerk to the Honorable Anthony M. Kennedy when he sat as a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judge Kuhl graduated with distinction from Duke Law School, was an editor of the Duke Law Journal , and received an A.B. degree, cum laude in chemistry, from Princeton University. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 kuhl@law.ucla.edu 
 Nicholas La Terza Of Counsel, The Point Media Lecturer in Law B.S. Villanova University, 1970 M.A. Villanova University, 1973 J.D. University of Toledo College of Law, 1977 Biography Courses Nicholas La Terza teaches Motion Picture Financing and Entertainment Law. His research and teaching interests are primarily in entertainment law and motion picture production and distribution. He is a business/legal affairs consultant and entertainment attorney with The Point Media which serves companies and individuals with respect to production, financing and exploitation of theatrical motion pictures, television and new media. He has taught Entertainment Law at various law schools since 2008 including UC Irvine School of Law and the University of Miami School of Law. La Terza received both his B.S. and his M.A. cum laude from Villanova University. He earned his J.D. cum laude from University of Toledo College of Law and then served as clerk for Judge Jesse Curtis for the Central District of California. Thereafter, LaTerza practiced entertainment law as an associate with the firm of Kaplan Livingston Goodwin Berkowitz & Selvin and a partner with the firm of Sidley & Austin. Prior to joining The Point Media, La Terza held senior legal and business positions at New World Pictures and Largo Entertainment. La Terza is a member and former co-chairman of the UCLA Entertainment Law Symposium Advisory Committee. He also holds voting memberships in the Executive Branches of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 laterza@law.ucla.edu 
 Mximo Langer Professor of Law Director of the UCLA Transnational Program on Criminal Justice Faculty Director of the UCLA Criminal Justice Program LL.B. University of Buenos Aires Law School, 1995 S.J.D. Harvard, 2006 UCLA Faculty Since 2003 Biography Bibliography Courses Mximo Langer is a leading authority on domestic, comparative and international criminal law and procedure. He regularly lectures in Asia, Europe, Latin America and the United States on criminal law and procedure issues. His work has been translated into Chinese, French, German, Portuguese and Spanish, and has received awards from different professional associations, including the 2007 Hessel Yntema Prize by the American Society of Comparative Law, and the 2012 Dek Prize by the American Society of International Law. Besides teaching at UCLA, Professor Langer has taught at the University Torcuato DiTella School of Law in Argentina (where he has won two teaching awards), Harvard Law School (where he was Louis D. Brandeis Visiting Professor of Law), NYU School of Law, and the School of Law of Aix-Marseille University in France. He has also served on various boards and committees of the American Society of Comparative Law (where he currently serves as Vice President of the Society), the American Society of International Law, and the UCLA Latin American Institute. He was the founding director of the UCLA Center for Southern Cone Studies and he is the founding faculty director of the UCLA School of Law Criminal Justice Program. He also serves on several editorial boards, including the executive editorial board of the American Journal of Comparative Law , and was co-director of the Annual Comparative Law Work-in-Progress Workshop (co-sponsored by the American Society of Comparative Law). He is also a Member of the American Law Institute. Professor Langer received his LL.B. from the University of Buenos Aires Law School (1995), where he was editor of the University of Buenos Aires Law Review, was awarded the Fundacin Universitaria del Rio de la Plata Fellowship and graduated in the top 1% of his class. He entered the LL.M. program at Harvard Law School in 1998 and then switched to the S.J.D. program. At Harvard, he was awarded several fellowships, including the Edmond J. Safra Graduate Fellowship in Ethics from the Harvard University Center for Ethics, a Fellowship from the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies, a Fellowship of the Center for Studies and Research in International Law and International Relations from The Hague Academy of International Law, and the Fulbright Fellowship. Before leaving Argentina for Harvard, Professor Langer served as a legal clerk in Argentinean Federal District Court No. 2 (1993-1994), and worked in white-collar criminal law litigation in Buenos Aires (1994-1998). He also served as director of the Non-Conventional Offenses Program at the Institute for Comparative Studies in Criminal and Social Sciences (1997-1998) and worked as legal advisor to the Commissions of Justice and Criminal Law under Argentinean Congressman Jose Cafferata Nores (1998). He also worked in the United States in the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia (2001). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 langer@law.ucla.edu 
 Deirdre P. Lanning Lecturer in Law B.A. Colgate University, 2000 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2008 UCLA Faculty Since 2013 Biography Courses Deirdre Lanning joins UCLA School of Law as a Lecturer in the Legal Research and Writing program. She received her J.D. from UCLA Law School where she served as a Senior Editor of the UCLA Law Review , a Senior Editor of the UCLA Women's Law Journal , and a Writing Advisor to first year law students. She graduated magna cum laude , with honors, from Colgate University with a B.A. in Philosophy and a minor in English. Following law school, Ms. Lanning obtained substantial legal writing and analytical experience, first as a judicial law clerk for the Honorable Valerie Fairbank of the U.S. District Court, Central District of California, and then as an associate in the Litigation and Labor & Employment Departments at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP. Ms. Lanning is a member of the Los Angeles County Bar Association and is admitted to practice law in the State of California, the United States District Court, Central District of California, and the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Lanning@law.ucla.edu 
 Nicole V. Lehtman Director, U.C.D.C. Law Program Lecturer in Law B.A. University of Miami, 1996 J.D. American University, Washington College of Law, 2000 Biography Courses Nicole Lehtman is Director of the U.C.D.C. Law Program, a consortium established in 2009 to give law students from UCLA, Berkeley, Davis and Irvine a full-time, full-semester externship experience in Washington, D.C. Prior to joining the U.C.D.C. Law Program, Lehtman served as the first program manager and adjunct professor for Arizona State University's Sandra Day OConnor College of Laws Washington D.C. Legal Externship Program. In that position, she was responsible for counseling law students from across the country on available externship opportunities with the federal government and D.C.-based non-profit organizations. She also provided students with support and guidance throughout their time in Washington, D.C. Lehtman has also served as an adjunct professor in the Trial Advocacy Program at American Universitys Washington College of Law. Lehtman has extensive government experience working as a federal prosecutor in the U.S. Department of Justice. Most recently, she served as a trial attorney in the Justice Department's Criminal Division and previously she served as an Assistant United States Attorney for the District of Columbia. Lehtman is a graduate, cum laude , of American Universitys Washington College of Law, and the University of Miami where she graduated with honors with a degree in political science and international studies. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Nicole.Lehtman@ucdc.edu 
 Douglas Lichtman Professor of Law B.S.E. Duke University, 1994 J.D. Yale, 1997 UCLA Faculty Since 2007 Biography Bibliography Courses Doug Lichtman focuses his teaching and research on topics relating to law and technology. His areas of specialty include patent and copyright law, telecommunications regulation, and information strategy and economics. Professor Lichtman joined the faculty at UCLA School of Law in 2007 after a tenured teaching career at the University of Chicago. His work has been featured in numerous journals including the Journal of Law & Economics , the Journal of Legal Studies , the Yale Law Journal , and the Harvard Business Review . He co-authored Telecommunications Law and Policy , a textbook that investigates the federal regulatory regime applicable to broadcast television, cable television, radio, telephony, and the Internet. He also regularly writes in the popular press, with recent pieces appearing in the Los Angeles Times and the policy magazine Regulation . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 267-4617 lichtman@law.ucla.edu 
 Jason Light Lecturer in Law B.S. University of Illinois, 1996 J.D. UCLA, 1999 UCLA Faculty Since 2003 Biography Courses Jason Light teaches Legal Research and Writing , Deposition Skills , Pretrial Civil Litigation and Introduction to the Lawyer-Client Relationship at UCLA School of Law. He has also taught Legal Research, Writing and Analysis for LLMs and several undergraduate prelaw courses in the past. Professor Light co-authored Depositions in a Nutshell with Professors Moore, Binder and Bergman. Professor Light received his B.S. from the University of Illinois in 1996 and his J.D. from the UCLA School of Law in 1999. During law school, Professor Light was a teaching assistant for Professor Herbert Morris Criminal Law course and a writing advisor for Professor Tom Holms Lawyering Skills class. He was a member of UCLAs Moot Court Honors Program and received the Gail McKinney Wheat Scholarship. Prior to joining the law school faculty, Professor Light was a litigator in the Los Angeles office of Dewey Ballantine. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 light@law.ucla.edu 
 Jeffrey Light Lecturer in Law A.B. Columbia University, 1979 J.D. Columbia Law School, 1983 Biography Courses Jeffrey Light will be a clinical advisor for the Music Industry Clinic . A thirty-five year music industry veteran, Light has been a partner of Myman Greenspan Fineman Fox Rosenberg & Light since 1992. He and his firm have done work for many recording artists including The Rolling Stones, Justin Bieber and Christina Aguilera among many others, as well as for movie and TV studios, video game companies, composers and many executives in the entertainment industries. He has been the primary outside music lawyer for 20th Century Fox Television and video game publisher Electronic Arts for a quarter century. Light has been involved with many cultural touchstones over the past years, both as a principal in Harmonix (the company behind video games Guitar Hero and Rock Band) and as a business affairs strategist for the music on the hit TV shows Glee and Empire. Light received his A.B. and J.D. from Columbia University. While at Columbia Law School, he was a Harlan Fiske Stone scholar (1981-1982), a James Kent scholar (1982-1983), Editor-in-Chief of Art & the Law and received the Carroll G. Harper prize in intellectual property studies. He was an adjunct professor of law at Southwestern Law School from 1993-2003 and again from 2009-2011 where he taught courses on music industry contracts. Light has lectured extensively on a variety of topics related to music law, and has spoken at Stanford, Columbia, University of Michigan, USC and UCLA. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 lightj@law.ucla.edu 
 Joseph Lipner Lecturer in Law B.A. Yeshiva College, 1985 J.D. Harvard Law School, 1988 Biography Courses Joseph Lipner teaches Professional Responsibility . His research and teaching interests are primarily in ethics and intellectual property. Lipner graduated magna cum laude from Yeshiva College before graduating magna cum laude from Harvard Law School. After earning his law degree, Lipner served as a clerk for Judge Ruth Ida Abrams of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. He then worked as an associate of Professor Alan Dershowitz, litigating with him criminal and civil appeals. Lipner joined Irell & Manella in 1991 and became a partner in 1997. In addition to his trial and appellate practice, he is also the chair of the firms ethics committee, providing guidance on a variety of issues under the legal ethics rules. Lipner has been selected for inclusion in Southern California Super Lawyers by Los Angeles Magazine every year since 2006. In February 2018, Governor Jerry Brown appointed Mr. Lipner to the Los Angeles County Superior Court as a trial judge. He is currently assigned to the Family Law division where he presides over matters involving divorce, parentage, custody, child support, spousal support, asset distribution and domestic violence. Lipners scholarship has appeared in Intellectual Property Today , the Daily Journal , and the George Washington Law Review . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 lipner@law.ucla.edu 
 Christine A. Littleton Professor of Law and Women's Studies Emerita B.S. Pennsylvania State University, 1974 J.D. Harvard, 1982 UCLA Faculty Since 1983 Biography Bibliography Courses A professor of law and women's studies, Christine Littleton has taught at UCLA since 1983. Her primary research field is feminist legal theory, and she has led courses in employment discrimination, critical race theory, disability rights and sexual orientation. She helped develop the UCLA School of Law's policies and procedures on accommodations for students with disabilities, and has served on faculty advisory committees for the Women's Law Journal and for UCLA's Critical Race Studies program and Williams Institute on Sexual Orientation and Law. Professor Littleton joined UCLA after serving as law clerk to Judge Warren J. Ferguson of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. She began teaching in the women's studies interdepartmental program in 1985 and served as chair for several terms. From 2008 - 2010, she served as founding chair of the Department of Women's Studies, where she has taught undergraduate and graduate courses. She also was interim director of the Center for the Study of Women from 2003 to 2006. Professor Littleton has served on Chancellor's advisory committees on the gay and lesbian community, on working groups and task forces on disability issues, and recently on the Academic Programs Task Force. She also has been active in the community as a founding member of the Board of the California Women's Law Center and a volunteer attorney for several nonprofit civil rights organizations. She has conducted or overseen investigations for the university and the City of Los Angeles involving allegations of discrimination on the basis of race, sex, religion and disability, conducted trainings on sex and sexual orientation discrimination and served as special master or consultant for major settlements in cases brought by the U.S. Department of Justice concerning housing and public accommodations discrimination. Littleton earned a bachelor's degree with highest distinction in secondary education and communications from Pennsylvania State University and a J.D. from Harvard University. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 littleton@law.ucla.edu 
 Aaron Littman Binder Clinical Teaching Fellow B.A. Yale College, 2010 M.Phil. University of Cambridge, 2011 J.D. Yale Law School, 2014 Biography Aaron Littman is a Binder Clinical Teaching Fellow at UCLA School of Law from 2019 to 2021. Most recently, he was a staff attorney in the impact litigation unit of the Southern Center for Human Rights in Atlanta, where he litigated conditions of confinement and law enforcement misconduct cases. He led a successful campaign to stop Alabama sheriffs from personally pocketing hundreds of thousands of dollars in unspent jail food funds, and obtained a multimillion-dollar settlement on behalf of 800 high school students subjected to invasive, suspicionless drug searches. He also litigated class actions challenging solitary confinement and inadequate mental healthcare in prisons and jails in Georgia and Alabama, and represented individual defendants in obtaining relief from lengthy recidivist sentences. Littman's scholarship has focused on the rights of detained people. He co-authored a fifty-state survey of prison visitation policies that was published in the Yale Law & Policy Review ( https://digitalcommons.law.yale.edu/ylpr/vol32/iss1/5/ ) along with response pieces from legal academics, a litigator, and a correctional administrator, and republished in a leading prisoners' rights treatise. He has also studied conditions monitoring mechanisms in a private British prison and pro se prisoner litigation in the United States. His current research also explores the institution and role of the sheriff. Littman received his B.A. in Political Science magna cum laude from Yale College, his M.Phil. in Criminological Research from the University of Cambridge, and his J.D. from Yale Law School, where he was a senior editor of the Yale Law Journal and a member of the Worker and Immigrant Rights Advocacy Clinic. After law school, he clerked for the Honorable Stephen Reinhardt on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and for the Honorable Myron Thompson in the Middle District of Alabama. He has also worked as a Justice Stevens fellow at the ACLU Immigrants' Rights Project and a Liman fellow at the Equal Justice Initiative. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 littman@law.ucla.edu 
 Gerald Lpez Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. University of Southern California, 1970 J.D. Harvard, 1974 UCLA Faculty Since 1978 Biography Bibliography Courses In 1975, after a clerkship with the Honorable Edward J. Schwartz, Gerald P. Lpez joined Tom Adler, Roy Cazares and Napoleon Jones in founding a San Diego law firm specializing in criminal defense, civil rights litigation and community mobilization. In 2003, Lpez founded the Center for Community Problem Solving in New York City working with low-income, of color, and immigrant communities to address social, economic and legal problems. Professor Lpez has served on the NYU, Stanford, and Harvard law faculties. Among the courses he teaches are Rebellious Lawyering Workshop, Reentry Clinic, Economic Development Clinic, Problem Solving Workshop and Transforming Legal Education Workshop . Lpez has litigated extensively as lead counsel in a wide variety of criminal and civil matters before trial courts, appellate courts, and the United States Supreme Court. With others, he has championed a rebellious vision of progressive law practice -- and of the problem solving of which lawyering is one example. Professor Lpez has published many acclaimed community-focused books, including Reentry Guide to New York City (2005); Streetwise About Money (2006); A Fair and Just Workplace (2006), and many articles on problem solving, race, immigration, health of undocumented Mexicans, and legal education. He is the author of Rebellious Lawyering (1992), an influential book about lawyering, progressive law practice and community problem solving. While the Kenneth & Harle Montgomery Professor of Public Interest Law, he helped found the Lawyering for Social Change Program at Stanford Law School, and he is currently a core faculty member of the UCLAs Critical Race Studies Program. Lpez has been honored with many community, civil rights and teaching awards, including Stanford Law's and UCLA Laws Teacher of the Year, UCLA Law's Rutter Award for Teaching Excellence, and UCLA's university-wide Distinguished Teaching Award, the Eby Award for the Art of Teaching. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 lopez@law.ucla.edu 
 Lynn M. LoPucki Security Pacific Bank Distinguished Professor of Law B.A. University of Michigan, 1965 J.D. University of Michigan, 1967 LL.M. Harvard, 1970 UCLA Faculty Since 1999 Biography Bibliography Courses Lynn M. LoPucki teaches Business Associations , Secured Transactions , and Comparative Corporate Law . He founded the UCLA-LoPucki Bankruptcy Research Database (BRD) in 1994 and continues to direct it. The BRD collects data on large, public company bankruptcies and disseminates it to bankruptcy researchers throughout the world. LoPucki is an empiricist who writes on a wide variety of subjects. His current project, Business Associations: A Systems Approach (forthcoming Aspen Casebook Series 2020) (with Andrew Verstein), will be the first business associations casebook to be organized functionally rather than by entity type. His most recently published articles have been on methodology in comparative corporation law ( A Rule-Based Method for Comparing Corporate Laws ), regulatory competition among the states to sell corporate charters ( Corporate Charter Competition ), and charter competition as an accelerant of the threat to humanity from artificial intelligence ( Algorithmic Entities ). LoPucki has written on legal strategy, court system transparency, the application of systems analysis in law, and the impact of judgment-proofing on civil liability. He has published empirical studies on the bankruptcy system, the UCC filing system, the law faculty hiring system, and other subjects. BRD data provided the foundation for two of Professor LoPuckis books, Courting Failure: How Competition for Big Cases is Corrupting the Bankruptcy Courts (University of Michigan Press, 2005) and Professional Fees in Corporate Bankruptcies: Data, Analysis, and Evaluation (Oxford University Press, 2011) (with Joseph Doherty). His writings have been published in the Yale Law Journal , Stanford Law Review , University of Chicago Law Review , University of Michigan Law Review , University of Pennsylvania Law Review , Virginia Law Review , Cornell Law Review , Duke Law Journal and Northwestern University Law Review and many others. VisiLaw, a system developed by LoPucki for marking statutes to make them easier to read, was nominated for an HIIL Innovating Justice Award in 2012. Two annual statutory supplements are now published with VisiLaw markings. Professor LoPucki uses an empirically-based systems approach for policy analysis. He has proposed public identities as the solution to identify theft, court system transparency as the solution to judicial bias, and an effective filing system as the solution to the deceptive nature of secured credit. Professor LoPucki is co-author of two widely used law school casebooks: Secured Transactions: A Systems Approach (with Elizabeth Warren and Robert M. Lawless, 8th edition, 2016) and Commercial Transactions: A Systems Approach (with Elizabeth Warren, Daniel L. Keating, and Ronald Mann, 6th edition, 2016) a leading practice manual: Strategies for Creditors in Bankruptcy Proceedings (with Christopher R. Mirick, 6th edition, 2015) and, a popular series of bankruptcy procedure flow charts: Bankruptcy Visuals . LoPuckis Death of Liability thesispropounded in a Yale Law Journal article in 1996has been featured in casebooks in several fields. He is a member of the American College of Bankruptcy and the International Insolvency Institute. Professor LoPucki was a member of the Cornell Law School faculty before coming to UCLA in 1999. View Professor LoPucki's CV : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 lopucki@law.ucla.edu 
 Daniel Hays Lowenstein Professor of Law Emeritus A.B. Yale, 1964 LL.B. Harvard, 1967 UCLA Faculty Since 1979 Biography Bibliography Courses Daniel Lowenstein was the first American law professor to specialize in Election Law and established a leading reputation in that field. He authored the first twentieth century textbook in the field Election Law: Cases and Materials (Carolina Academic Press, 1995), now in its fifth edition. As co-editor with Professor Rick Hasen he inaugurated the Election Law Journal , the leading journal in the field. On January 29, 2010, leading scholars in Election Law put on a festschrift celebrating Lowensteins work in the field. On July 1, 2009, Lowenstein became Director of the new UCLA Center for the Liberal Arts and Free Institutions (CLAFI) , intended to facilitate and promote study of the great works and achievements of western civilization. He continues to teach in the School of Law, where his most typical subjects have included Election Law, Statutory Interpretation & Legislative Process , American Political Theory, and Law & Literature. Lowenstein worked as a staff attorney at California Rural Legal Assistance for two and one-half years. While working for California's Secretary of State, Edmund G. Brown Jr. starting in 1971, he specialized in Election Law and was the main drafter of the Political Reform Act, an initiative statute that California voters approved in 1974, thereby creating a new Fair Political Practices Commission. Governor Brown appointed Lowenstein as first chairman of the Commission in 1975. Lowenstein has served on the national governing board of Common Cause and has been a board member and a vice president of Americans for Nonsmokers' Rights. He has also served as chairman of the Board of Directors of the award-winning theatre troupe Interact and regularly brings the company to the School of Law to perform plays with legal themes, such as Sophocles' Antigone, Ibsens An Enemy of the People, and Wouk's The Caine Mutiny Court Martial. Professor Lowensteins published research runs the gamut of Election Law subjects, including campaign finance, redistricting, voting rights, political parties, and initiatives. He has also published some literary criticism on works such as The Merchant of Venice and Bleak House . To obtain news and information about CLAFI or about the Interact play readings at the School of Law, please write to Lowenstein at Lowenstein@law.ucla.edu . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 lowenste@law.ucla.edu 
 Kerry Lyon Grossman Lecturer in Law B.A. University of Pennsylvania, 1996 J.D. Harvard, 1999 UCLA Faculty Since 2008 Biography Courses Kerry Lyon Grossman teaches Legal Research and Writing and Depositions and Discovery for the UCLA School of Law Clinical Program. Before joining the UCLA faculty, she was a litigator at the Los Angeles office of O'Melveny & Myers LLP for nine years. Her practice at O'Melveny focused on intellectual property, media, and antitrust matters. Ms. Lyon Grossman obtained her B.A. in Biological Basis of Behavior at the University of Pennsylvania and her J.D. at Harvard Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 grossman@law.ucla.edu 
 Kate Mackintosh Executive Director, Promise Institute for Human Rights B.A. University of Sussex, 1989 LL.M. University of Essex, 1999 Biography Courses Kate Mackintosh is the inaugural Executive Director of the Promise Institute for Human Rights at UCLA School of Law. The Promise Institute was founded in 2017 with a $20 million gift to create a center on the West Coast for international human rights scholarship, training and advocacy. A veteran human rights lawyer and leader, Mackintosh has worked for more than 20 years as an advocate and senior executive in the field of human rights, international criminal justice and protection of civilians. She most recently served in The Hague as deputy registrar of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY). Mackintosh previously served as a legal officer at the ICTY and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, and has worked on human rights matters in conflict and post-conflict field situations in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Rwanda and South Sudan. Mackintosh also has worked as a lawyer, executive and member of the board of directors of Mdecins sans Frontires (Doctors Without Borders), at the organization's Hong Kong and Amsterdam offices. For four years she was Mdecins sans Frontires' Head of Humanitarian Affairs in Amsterdam, leading advocacy on behalf of some of the world's most vulnerable people, providing legal and policy advice on operations in more than 30 countries, and ensuring training of field staff in principles of international law, advocacy, and human rights and protection. She has authored numerous articles and reports on the principles of humanitarian action, the protection of civilians and international criminal justice, and has carried out research on behalf of organizations including UNICEF, the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and Harvard University. Mackintosh earned her first class bachelor's degree at the University of Sussex, her law degree from the University of Northumbria and an LL.M. in Human Rights Law with Distinction from the University of Essex. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 mackintosh@law.ucla.edu 
 Timothy Malloy Professor of Law Faculty Director, UCLA Sustainable Technology and Policy Program B.A. Villanova University, 1982 J.D. University of Pennsylvania, 1986 UCLA Faculty Since 1998 Biography Bibliography Courses Timothy Malloy teaches Environmental Aspects of Business Transactions, Regulatory Lawyering, Regulation of the Business Firm, Environmental Policy and Politics, and Contracts . After receiving his law degree, Professor Malloy clerked for Judge Donald W. VanArtsdalen of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. He joined the UCLA faculty in 1998, after spending a combined 11 years in practice at private firms and at the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Region III. Professor Malloy's research interests focus on environmental, chemical and nanotechnology policy, regulatory policy, and organizational theory and decision analysis, with particular emphasis on the relationship between regulatory design and implementation and the structure of business organizations. He is the faculty director of the Environmental Science and Engineering doctoral program in the Institute of the Environment and Sustainability. He serves on the EPAs Board of Scientific Counselors and on the State of Californias Green Ribbon Science Panel. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 malloy@law.ucla.edu 
 David Marcus Professor of Law B.A. Harvard University, 1998 J.D. Yale Law School, 2002 UCLA Faculty since 2018 Biography Bibliography Courses David Marcus is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. He was previously Professor of Law at the University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law, where he was elected Professor of the Year by the student body in 2009, 2012, 2017, and 2018. His research focuses on civil procedure, administrative law, federal courts, complex litigation, and legal history. Marcus received his B.A. from Harvard University and studied at the University of Cambridge before earning his J.D. from Yale Law School. After law school, he clerked for the Honorable Allyne R. Ross of the Eastern District of New York in Brooklyn, as well as the Honorable William Fletcher of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco. He also represented plaintiffs in class actions at Lieff, Cabraser, Heimann & Bernstein. Marcuss publications have appeared or are forthcoming in the Stanford Law Review, the Journal of Law, Economics, and Organization, the Texas Law Review , the University of Pennsylvania Law Review , and the Georgetown Law Journal , among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 794-5192 marcus@law.ucla.edu 
 Vicki Marmorstein Lecturer in Law B.A. University of Oklahoma, 1973 J.D. American University, 1977 L.L.M. University of Virginia Law School, 1978 UCLA Faculty Since 2008 Biography Courses Vicki Marmorstein teaches Complex Financing Transactions . She received her B.A. from the University of Oklahoma, her J.D. from American University and her LL.M. from the University of Virginia Law School, where she was editor of the Virginia Journal of International Law . She is currently a partner in the Los Angeles office of Latham & Watkins and previously served as the Global Chair of the firms Finance and Real Estate Department. Her practice focuses on representation of large multinational and domestic bank and non-bank financial institutions. Marmorstein was recently named in Euromoneys Legal Media Group Guide to the Worlds Leading Securitization Lawyers , a supplemental publication to the International Financial Law Review . Her publications include: "Review of Foreign Bank Supervisory Initiatives Taken By Federal Reserve Board in Recent Months," Bureau of National Affairs, Banking Report, Feb., 1995 (reprinted in Direct Investment in North America , April 1995 (co-author)); and "Collaborating with Foreign Counsel, International Commercial Agreements" (Practising Law Institute course handbooks, 1992 and 1993). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 marmorstein@law.ucla.edu 
 Daniel M. Mayeda Associate Director, Documentary Film Legal Clinic B.A. UCLA, 1979 J.D. UCLA, 1982 Biography Courses Daniel M. Mayeda is the Associate Director of the Documentary Film Legal Clinic at UCLA School of Law. Prior to this appointment, Dan practiced law for nearly 35 years, most recently as a shareholder in the Los Angeles law firm of Leopold, Petrich and Smith (now Ballard Spahr), where he specialized in litigation involving the media and entertainment industries. Dan has been a longtime advocate for accurate and sensitive depictions of Asian Americans in the media. He is a member of the Board of Directors of East West Players, the country's premiere Asian Pacific American theatre organization. Since 2000, Dan has helped lead a national multi-ethnic coalition of civil rights and media activism groups to advocate for greater diversity, equity and inclusion in Hollywood and in the media. He is Chair of the Asian Pacific American Media Coalition, and formerly served on the national Diversity Advisory Council for Comcast Corporation. Dan has written and spoken extensively on media, intellectual property and Asian American community issues. He has been an Adjunct Professor at USCs Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism, and has taught media courses at California State University, Los Angeles and California State University, Northridge. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 mayeda@law.ucla.edu 
 Ryan McCarl PULSE Fellow in Artificial Intelligence, Law, and Policy B.A. University of Chicago, 2008 M.A. University of Chicago, 2008 M.A. University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, 2010 J.D. University of Chicago Law School, 2014 Biography Ryan McCarl is a PULSE Fellow in Artificial Intelligence, Law, and Policy at UCLA School of Law for 2019-2021. His fellowship research will focus on societal impacts, assessment, public policy, law, and other potential governance mechanisms for artificial intelligence and related technologies. He was previously an Associate Attorney for Hueston Hennigan LLP, and at WilmerHale LLP. McCarl received his B.A. in Political Science and his M.A. in International Relations from the University of Chicago, his M.A. in Education from the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, and his J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School where he was a staff member of The Chicago Journal of International Law . After law school, he clerked for the Honorable David M. Ebel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. McCarls publications have appeared in the Stanford Journal of International Law , Hastings Constitutional Law Quarterly , and Real Estate Law Journal among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 mccarl@law.ucla.edu 
 Lisa Mead Director of Extern and Field Placement Programs B.S.W. University of Texas at Arlington, 1984 J.D. USC School of Law, 1989 Biography Courses Lisa Mead is the Director of Extern and Field Placement Programs at UCLA School of Law. Lisa has dedicated her career to public service and getting law students involved in and excited about experiential learning. She most recently served as the director of pro bono at the Inner City Law Center, where she served as a member of the senior management team and oversaw all pro bono, extern, law clerk and volunteer programs. She has extensive experience in legal education, legal career counseling and the delivery of legal services. In addition to her time as a legal consultant prior to joining Inner City Law Center, Lisa spent 15 years at USC Gould School of Law, where she served as dean of students, the assistant dean of career services, and founded the law schools Office of Public Service. Lisa received a J.D. degree from USC Gould School of Law, where she helped to create the USC Public Interest Law Foundation. She earned a B.S.W. degree from the University of Texas at Arlington. Following law school, Lisa was the directing attorney of Public Counsels Homeless Advocacy Project, and before attending law school she was a social worker with the Texas Coalition for Juvenile Justice. Throughout her legal career, Lisa has served on numerous local and national boards and committees, as a speaker and trainer at national conferences, author of articles, book chapters and co-authored a community lawyering curriculum, and was the recipient of USC Gould School of Laws Faculty of the Year and Public Interest Alumni of the Year awards. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 mead@law.ucla.edu 
 Cynthia A. Merrill Lecturer in Law Coordinator of the LL.M. Legal Research and Writing Program B.A. Colorado College M.A. University of Washington Ph.D. University of Washington J.D. Yale Law School Biography Courses Cynthia Merrill coordinates and teaches in the LL.M. Legal Research and Writing Program at UCLA School of Law. She earned her J.D. from Yale Law School, where she was a Submissions Editor for the Yale Law Journal and an Articles Editor for the Yale Journal of Law and the Humanities . She clerked for the Honorable George H. King, U.S. District Court, Central District of California, then joined the Los Angeles office of OMelveny and Myers, where she practiced complex civil and appellate litigation for over a decade. She litigated cases including constitutional challenges to the federal statute governing Puerto Ricos bankruptcy proceedings, contract actions, mass torts and attorneys general actions against pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers, and multi-district consumer class actions. Professor Merrill was named a Top Attorney in civil litigation by Pasadena Magazine in 2012 and 2013. Professor Merrills extensive pro bono practice included a ten-year long case that successfully challenged a Southern California municipalitys failure to comply with statutory affordable housing laws, resulting in hundreds of new units of affordable housing. From 2016 to 2018, she headed up OMelvenys team in a consortium of public interest and private law firms working to develop affirmative litigation to curb gun violence. She served as an attorney supervisor in UCLA Laws Ninth Circuit Appellate Clinic , representing immigrants on asylum and other appeals. She also worked as an appellate attorney in the California Court of Appeal. Prior to her legal career, Professor Merrill earned a doctorate in English from the University of Washington and taught for many years in UCLA Writing Programs, the Honor Collegium, and Gender Studies. She led seminars in writing pedagogy for graduate teaching assistants from throughout the College of Letters and Sciences and consulted with faculty developing writing intensive courses. In 2002, Professor Merrill was honored with UCLAs Distinguished Teaching Award. Beginning in 2010, Professor Merrill was a Research Scholar and Affiliate with the UCLA Center for the Study of Women. Drawing on constitutional law, narrative theory, and feminist theory, her research has addressed the construction of the legal subject in adjudication of constitutional reproductive rights issues, autobiographical legal theory, and the role of police provocation in assessing claims of excessive force. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 merrill@law.ucla.edu 
 Ilan H. Meyer Williams Distinguished Senior Scholar of Public Policy, The Williams Institute B.A. Tel Aviv University, 1981 M.A. New School for Social Research, 1987 Ph.D. Columbia University, 1993 Biography Ilan H. Meyer, Ph.D. is a Williams Distinguished Senior Scholar of Public Policy at the Williams Institute for Sexual Orientation Law and Public Policy at UCLAs School of Law. Prior to coming to UCLA in 2011, Dr. Meyer was Professor of Clinical Sociomedical Sciences and Deputy Chair for MPH Programs at the Department of Sociomedical Sciences at Columbia Universitys Mailman School of Public Health. Dr. Meyers academic background is in social psychology, psychiatric epidemiology, and sociomedical sciences in public health. Dr. Meyer studies public health issues related to minority health. His areas of research include stress and illness in minority populations, in particular, the relationship of minority status, minority identity, prejudice and discrimination and mental health outcomes in sexual minorities and the intersection of minority stressors related to sexual orientation, race/ethnicity and gender. In several highly cited papers, Dr. Meyer has developed a model of minority stress that describes the relationship of social stressors and mental disorders and helps to explain LGBT health disparities. The model has guided his and other investigators population research on LGBT health disparities by identifying the mechanisms by which social stressors impact health and describing the harm to LGBT people from prejudice and stigma. The model was cited by the Institute of Medicine as one of four cross-cutting perspectives (the only one stemming from LGBT scholarship) recommended for the study of LGBT health. For this work, Dr. Meyer received the Outstanding Achievement Award from the Committee on Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Concerns of the American Psychological Association (APA) and Distinguished Scientific Contribution award from the APAs Division 44. Based on this body of work, Dr. Meyer has provided expert testimony, including Perry v. Brown (later Hollingsworth v. Perry ), a major civil rights case related to the right of gay men and lesbians to marry in the United States, and testimony before the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights in their briefing on peer-to-peer violence and bullying and statement submitted to the European Court of Human Rights in Bayev v. Russia , a case challenging the Russian law banning homosexual propaganda. Dr. Meyer is co-editor with Mary E. Northridge of The Health of Sexual Minorities: Public health perspectives on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender populations (Springer, 2007). This influential text offers a multidimensional picture of LGBT health, incorporating contributions from across clinical and social science disciplines. Dr. Meyer is the Principal Investigator of Stress, Identity and Mental Health known also as Project Stride , funded by the National Institute of Mental Health (5R01MH066058). The study explored the impact of social stress at the intersection of disadvantaged identities related to gender, race/ethnicity and sexual orientation as they impact mental health. Dr. Meyer is Principal Investigator of the Generations Study , a study of stress, identity, health, and health care utilization across three cohorts of lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals in the United States (NICHD grant 1R01HD078526). The study assesses how improvements in the social environment of LGB people, such as the expansion of same-sex marriages, affect the life and health of LGB people and what implications these changes may have to policies such as the delivery of social and health services. Dr. Meyer is also the Principal Investigator of TransPop , the first national probability sample of transgender individuals in the U.S. (NICHD grant 1R01HD078526). The study results will provide a more accurate and detailed picture of the issues faced by transgender people than has been available to researchers and policy makers to date. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 meyer@law.ucla.edu 
 Elyse Meyers Assistant Director, Research Assistant Program B.A. U.C. Berkeley, 2003 J.D. University of Pennsylvania Law School, 2007 M.L.I.S. San Jose State University, 2013 Biography Courses Elyse Meyers teaches Advanced Legal Research . She is Assistant Director of the Research Assistant Program at UCLA Hugh and Hazel Darling Law Library. Before attending library school, she was an associate at OMelveny & Myers, LLP in the downtown Los Angeles office. Meyers received her B.A. with High Distinction, Phi Beta Kappa, in Linguistics from U.C. Berkeley. She earned her J.D. cum laude from University of Pennsylvania Law School, where she was a Levy Scholar, a Louderback Legal Writing Instructor and Editor and Senior Editor for University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law . She earned her M.L.I.S. from San Jose State Universitys School of Library and Information Science, where she served as Editor-in-Chief of the Student Research Journal . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 meyers@law.ucla.edu 
 Jon D. Michaels Professor of Law B.A. Williams College, 1998 B.A. University of Oxford, 2000 M.A. University of Oxford, 2006 J.D. Yale, 2003 UCLA Faculty Since 2008 Biography Bibliography Courses Jon Michaels is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. His scholarly and teaching interests include constitutional law, administrative law, national security law, the separation of powers, presidential power, regulation, bureaucracy, and privatization. Michaels ( view CV ) is a graduate of Williams College, Oxford University, where he was a Marshall Scholar, and Yale Law School, where he served as an articles editor for the Yale Law Journal . Michaels clerked first for Judge Guido Calabresi of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and then for Justice David Souter of the U.S. Supreme Court. Immediately prior to his appointment at UCLA, Michaels worked as an associate in Arnold & Porters National Security Law and Public Policy Group in Washington, DC. A two-time winner of the American Constitution Societys Cudahy Award for scholarly excellence in administrative law, Michaels is a frequent legal affairs commentator for national and local media outlets and contributes regularly to the Take Care blog. His book, Constitutional Coup: Privatizations Threat to the American Republic , was published by Harvard University Press in October 2017. (Read the Introduction . Read reviews and interviews .) Michaels scholarly writings include Sovereigns, Shopkeepers, and the Separation of Powers , 166 University of Pennsylvania Law Review (forthcoming 2018); The American Deep State , Foreign Affairs (Sept./Oct. 2017); The Cycles of Separation-of-Powers Jurisprudence , 126 Yale Law Journal 346-437 (2016) (with Aziz Huq); Of Constitutional Custodians and Regulatory Rivals: An Account of the Old and New Separation of Powers , 91 New York University Law Review 227-291 (2016); Separation of Powers and Centripetal Forces: Implications for the Institutional Design and Constitutionality of Our National-Security State , 83 University of Chicago Law Review 199-220 (2016); An Enduring, Evolving Separation of Powers , 115 Columbia Law Review 515-598 (2015); Running Government Like a Business...Then and Now , 128 Harvard Law Review 1152-1182 (2015) Privatizations Progeny , 101 Georgetown Law Journal 1023-1088 (2013); The (Willingly) Fettered Executive , 97 Virginia Law Review 801-898 (2011); Privatization's Pretensions , 77 University of Chicago Law Review 717-780 (2010); Deputizing Homeland Security , 88 Texas Law Review 1435-1473 (2010); and All the Presidents Spies: Private-Public Intelligence Gathering in the War on Terror , 96 California Law Review 901-966 (2008). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 michaels@law.ucla.edu 
 Harry Mittleman Lecturer in Law B.A. Princeton, 1991 J.D. Harvard, 1994 UCLA Faculty Since 2008 Biography Courses Harry Mittleman teaches Business Torts . He is a litigation partner with, and the general counsel of, the law firm Irell & Manella LLP, where a major focus of his practice is defending law firms and lawyers against claims of legal malpractice, breach of fiduciary duty and conflicts of interest. Mr. Mittleman completed his undergraduate work at Princeton University, where he graduated in 1991 summa cum laude , and he obtained his law degree from the Harvard Law School, where he graduated in 1994 magna cum laude . Following law school he clerked for the Honorable Alfred T. Goodwin of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. He joined Irell & Manella in 1995 and was elected to the firm's partnership in 2000. Mr. Mittleman has been selected for inclusion in Los Angeles Magazine's Southern California "Super Lawyers" in business litigation in 2010, and was previously listed as a "Rising Star" in 2004-2009. He has handled claims for breach of fiduciary duty; misstatements (fraud, defamation, trade libel and false advertising); third-party interference with contract and prospective economic advantage; violations of the rights of privacy and publicity; misappropriation of trade secrets; violations of intellectual property rights; antitrust; and unfair competition. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 mittleman@law.ucla.edu 
 Jennifer L. Mnookin Dean, David G. Price and Dallas P. Price Professor of Law, and Faculty Co-Director, PULSE @ UCLA Law (Program on Understanding Law, Science & Evidence) A.B. Harvard, 1988 J.D. Yale, 1995 Ph.D. History and Social Study of Science and Technology, M.I.T., 1999 UCLA Faculty since 2005 Biography Bibliography Courses Jennifer L. Mnookin, David G. Price and Dallas P. Price Professor of Law, became dean of the UCLA School of Law in August 2015. A member of the UCLA Law faculty since 2005, she served as Vice Dean for Faculty and Research from 2007 to 2009, and Vice Dean for Faculty Recruitment and Intellectual Life in 2012-13. As dean she has worked to build upon UCLA Laws reputation for excellence and access, and to support a collaborative and engaged environment among students, the schools renowned faculty and its 17,000 alumni. Initiatives she has spearheaded include the first alumnae leadership conference; new programs in human rights, criminal justice and immigration; and the expansion of clinical opportunities in areas ranging from veterans needs to documentary filmmaking. A leading evidence scholar, Dean Mnookin is founder and faculty co-director of PULSE @ UCLA Law (the Program on Understanding Law, Science & Evidence). She is a co-author of two major evidence treatises, The New Wigmore, A Treatise on Evidence: Expert Evidence and Modern Scientific Evidence: The Law and Science of Expert Testimony . She has published extensively on issues relating to forensic science, including latent fingerprint identification, handwriting expertise and DNA evidence, and has advocated for developing a research culture in these areas. Dean Mnookin is also known for her scholarship on expert evidence, evidence theory, the Confrontation Clause, and visual and photographic evidence. Dean Mnookin is a member of the National Academy of Sciences Committee on Science, Technology and Law . She co-chaired a group of senior advisors for a Presidents Council of Advisors on Science and Technology report on use of forensic science in criminal courts, and is on the advisory board of the Electronic Privacy Information Center . Dean Mnookin serves on the steering committee of the Association of American Law Schools Deans Forum. She was elected to the American Law Institute in 2011. Prior to joining UCLA Law, Dean Mnookin was professor of law and Barron F. Black Research Professor at the University of Virginia School of Law, and visiting professor of law at Harvard Law School. She received her A.B. from Harvard University, her J.D. from Yale Law School, and a Ph.D. in History and Social Study of Science and Technology from M.I.T. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 mnookin@law.ucla.edu 
 Catrice Monson Lecturer in Law B.A. Stanford University, 1994 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1997 Biography Courses Catrice Monson teaches Hollywood Guilds at UCLA School of Law. She is currently senior vice president of diversity and inclusion at CBS Corporation. Previously, she was senior vice president of labor relations at CBS Broadcasting, and an associate at Barbosa Garcia LLP. Monson received her B.A. in American Studies with Honors from Stanford University, and her J.D. from UCLA School of Law where she was awarded the Baker & MacKenzie Scholarship. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 monson@law.ucla.edu 
 Albert J. Moore Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. University of Massachusetts, 1975 J.D. UCLA, 1978 UCLA Faculty Since 1983 Biography Bibliography Courses Albert J. Moore teaches Trial Advocacy and Depositions and Discovery in the Clinical Program, which he helped pioneer. He received the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching in 2001. Before joining UCLA, Professor Moore was a business litigator at the Los Angeles firms of Riordan & McKinzie and Nossaman, Krueger & Marsh. Professor Moore writes on developing systematic approaches to teaching persuasive trial and deposition strategies and techniques, including Demystifying The First Year of Law School: A Guide to the 1L Experience, with David Binder (2010). He co-authored, with Professors David Binder and Paul Bergman, Deposition Questioning Strategies and Techniques (2001) and Trial Advocacy: Inferences, Arguments, Techniques (1996). He and Professor Bergman published Nolo's Deposition Handbook (2nd ed., 2001). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 moore@law.ucla.edu 
 Rachel F. Moran Michael J. Connell Distinguished Professor of Law and Dean Emerita A.B. Stanford, 1978 J.D. Yale, 1981 UCLA Faculty Since 2010 Biography Bibliography Courses Rachel F. Moran is Dean Emerita and Michael J. Connell Distinguished Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. Prior to her appointment at UCLA, Professor Moran was the Robert D. and Leslie-Kay Raven Professor of Law at UC Berkeley School of Law. From July 2008 to June 2010, Moran served as a founding faculty member of the UC Irvine Law School. Moran received her A.B. in Psychology with Honors and with Distinction from Stanford University in 1978, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa her junior year. She obtained her J.D. from Yale Law School in 1981, where she was an Editor of the Yale Law Journal , Runner-Up in the Harlan Fiske Stone Moot Court Prize Competition and Teaching Assistant to the Associate Dean. Following law school, she clerked for Chief Judge Wilfred Feinberg of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and worked for the San Francisco firm of Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe. She joined the Boalt faculty in 1983. She has been a visiting professor at UCLA (1988, 2002), Stanford (1989), NYU School of Law (1996), the University of Miami Law School (1997), the University of Texas (2000), Fordham Law School (2005), and Harvard University (2017). From 1993 to 1996 Moran served as Chair of the Chicano/Latino Policy Project (now the Center for Latino Policy Research) at UC Berkeleys Institute for the Study of Social Change, and in 2003, she became Director of the Institute. In 1995, she received the UC Berkeley Distinguished Teaching Award. Moran is highly active in the legal and educational community. In September 2011, she was selected by President Obama to serve on the Permanent Committee for the Oliver Wendell Holmes Devise. She was appointed President of the Association of American Law Schools (AALS) in 2009 and previously was a member of the AALS Executive Committee. In May 2014, she was chosen by American Bar Association (ABA) President James R. Silkenat to serve on the ABA Task Force on the Financing of Legal Education. In August 2014, the American Bar Foundation (ABF) selected her as the inaugural William H. Neukom Fellows Research Chair in Diversity and Law. In this capacity, she is co-directing an initiative on the future of Latinos in the United States with Robert L. Nelson, Director Emeritus of the ABF. In addition, Moran sat on the Standing Committee of the Division of Public Education of the American Bar Association; served as a Senator of the Phi Beta Kappa Society; and was on the Executive Board of the Berkeley Law Foundation. Moran is presently a member of the Program Planning Committee for the 2017 Annual Meeting of the AALS, and she previously was chair of the AALS Nominating Committee for 2013 Officers and Members of the Executive Committee. In addition, in 2003 Moran chaired the Planning Committee for Taking Stock: Women of All Colors in Law Schools for the Association of American Law Schools, and she previously co-chaired the Steering Committee for UC ACCORD. She currently serves on the Board of Advisors for the Texas Hispanic Journal of Law and Policy . Moran is a Fellow of the American Bar Foundation (ABF), a member of the American Law Institute and a Fellow of the Civil Rights Project/ Proyecto Derechos Civiles . In recent years, she has been inducted into the Lincoln Club and the Chancery Club of Los Angeles, and in 2013, she was elected to the Beverly Hills Bar Associations Board of Governors. Morans numerous publications include: Educational Policy and the Law (with Mark G. Yudof, Betsy Levin, James E. Ryan and Kristi L. Bowman) (5th ed. Cengage 2012); Race Law Stories (with Devon Carbado, Foundation Press, 2008); Interracial Intimacy: The Regulation of Race and Romance (University of Chicago Press, 2001); Race Law Cases in the American Story, (with Devon W. Carbado), in Civil Rights in American Law, History, and Politics 16 (edited by Austin Sarat, Cambridge University Press, 2014); Untoward Consequences: The Ironic Legacy of Keyes v. School District No. 1 , 90 Denver University Law Review 1209 (2013); Clark Kerr and Me: The Future of the Public Law School, 88 Indiana Law Journal 1021 (2013); Beyond the Loving Analogy: The Independent Logic of Same-Sex Marriage, in Loving v. Virginia in a Post-Racial World: Rethinking Race, Sex and Marriage (edited by Kevin Maillard and Rose Cuizon Villazor, Cambridge University Press, 2012); Equal Liberties and English Language Learners: The Special Case of Structured Immersion Initiatives, 54 Howard Law Journal 397 (2011); What Counts as Knowledge?: A Reflection on Race, Social Science, and the Law, 44 Law and Society Review 515 (2010); Terms of Belonging, in The Constitution in 2020 (edited by Jack M. Balkin and Reva B. Siegel, Oxford University Press, 2009); The Heirs of Brown : The Story of Grutter v. Bollinger , in Race Law Stories (edited by Rachel F. Moran and Devon W. Carbado, Foundation Press, 2008); The Story of Lau v. Nichols : Breaking the Silence in Chinatown, in Education Law Stories (edited by Michael A. Olivas and Rona Greff Schneider, Foundation Press, 2008); Loving and the Legacy of Unintended Consequences, 2007 Wisconsin Law Review 239; How Second-Wave Feminism Forgot the Single Woman, 33 Hofstra Law Review 223 (2004); The Elusive Nature of Discrimination, 55 Stanford Law Review 2365 (2003); Unrepresented, 55 Representations 139 (1996); and Courts and the Construction of Racial and Ethnic Identity: Public Law Litigation in the Denver Schools, in Legal Culture and the Legal Profession (edited by Lawrence M. Friedman and Harry N. Scheiber, Westview Press, 1996); The Politics of Discretion: Federal Intervention in Bilingual Education, 76 California Law Review 1249 (1988); and Bilingual Education as a Status Conflict, 75 California Law Review 321 (1987). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 moran@law.ucla.edu 
 Herbert Morris Professor of Philosophy and Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. UCLA, 1951 LL.B. Yale, 1954 D.Phil. Oxford, 1956 UCLA Philosophy Faculty Since 1956 UCLA Law Faculty Since 1962 Biography Bibliography Herbert Morris holds a joint appointment with the UCLA Department of Philosophy and recently has taught Criminal Law I , and Law, Philosophy and Literature. He is a nationally recognized philosopher of law. Professor Morris served as Dean of Humanities of UCLA's College of Letters and Science from 1983 to 1993, and Interim Provost of the College from 1992 to 1993. He chaired the Board of Governors of the University's Humanities Research Institute from 1988 to 1990. Professor Morris has lectured and written widely on moral and legal philosophy, including On Guilt and Innocence: Essays in Legal Philosophy and Moral Psychology (University of California Press, 1976). He is also the author of several works of literary criticism: The Masked Citadel: The Significance of the Title of Stendhal's La Chartreuse de Parme (University of California Press, 1961), "What Emma Knew: The Outrage Suffered in Jorge Luis Borgess Emma Zunz ( Indiana Journal of Hispanic Literatures , 1997) and Disclosures: Essays on Art, Literature, and Philosophy (self-published, 2017). He is editor of On Guilt and Shame (Wadsworth Publishing Company, 1971) and Freedom and Responsibility: Readings in Philosophy and Law (Stanford University Press, 1961). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 morris@law.ucla.edu 
 Forrest S. Mosten Adjunct Faculty B.A. UC Riverside, 1969 J.D. UCLA, 1972 UCLA Faculty Since 2002 Biography Bibliography Courses Forrest S. Mosten teaches Mediation , Lawyer as Peacemaker , Family Law Practice: A Non-Litigation Approach and Introduction to the Lawyer-Client Relationship in the Lawyering Skills Program. Professor Mosten is in full time practice as a Family Lawyer and Mediator serving as a peacemaker who never goes to court. His practice focuses on high conflict clients and relationship dynamics and complex financial and legal issues. Professor Mosten serves as a Collaborative Lawyer, Represents Clients Participating in Mediation, Offers Unbundled Limited Scope Representation to Otherwise Unrepresented Clients, and helps his clients attain legal wellness by representing clients in Pre-Marital and Post-Marital Agreements and other areas of preventive law practice. In addition to his law and mediation practice, Professor Mosten trains lawyers and mental health professionals in mediation and collaborative practice from basic to advanced courses and is in constant demand worldwide as a conference keynote speaker and expert witness. Professor Mosten is the author of four books: The Complete Guide to Mediation (with Professor Elizabeth Scully) (2nd Edition, 2015), Collaborative Divorce Handbook (2009), Mediation Career Guide (2001), and Unbundling Legal Services (2000). He has two books forthcoming in 2017: The Family Lawyers Guide to Unbundling Legal Services (with Professor Elizabeth Scully) and Building a Successful Collaborative Practice (with Adam Cordover). In addition, Professor Mosten has authored numerous articles on mediation, interdisciplinary collaborative practice, expansion of legal access, building profitable legal and peacemaking practices, cutting edge issues in family law, and other dispute resolution topics. Professor Mosten was 2009 ABA Frank Sander Co-Lecturer at the ABA Dispute Resolution Annual Conference held in New York. In 2004, he was the recipient of two prestigious ABA Awards: ABA Lawyer as Problem Solver Award and ABA Lifetime Legal Access Award (he is recognized as the Father of Unbundled Legal Services). In 1996, he received the Los Angeles County Bar Louis M. Brown Conflict Prevention Award, and was named by the Southern California Mediation Association as Peacemaker of the Year. He is the founding Chair of the Beverly Hills Bar Dispute Resolution Section and has received two major awards for his work in mediation from that organization. He is a founding member of Mediators Without Borders. Since 1989, Professor Mosten has been the Chair of the International Client Consultation Competition, a law school activity affiliated with the International Bar Association that bears his name ( www.brownmosten.com ). Mr. Mosten can be reached at www.mostenmediation.com . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 mosten@mostenmediation.com 
 Hiroshi Motomura Susan Westerberg Prager Distinguished Professor of Law B.A. Yale, 1974 J.D. UC Berkeley, 1978 UCLA Faculty Since 2007 Biography Bibliography Courses Hiroshi Motomura is a teacher and scholar of immigration and citizenship, with influence across a range of academic disciplines and in federal, state, and local policymaking. His book, Americans in Waiting: The Lost Story of Immigration and Citizenship in the United States (Oxford 2006) won the Professional and Scholarly Publishing (PROSE) Award from the Association of American Publishers as the years best book in Law and Legal Studies, and was chosen by the U.S. Department of State for its Suggested Reading List for Foreign Service Officers. He is a co-author of two immigration-related casebooks: Immigration and Citizenship: Process and Policy (8th ed. West 2016), and Forced Migration: Law and Policy (2d ed. West 2013), and he has published many widely cited articles on immigration and citizenship. His most recent book, Immigration Outside the Law ( Oxford 2014), won the Association of American Publishers' Law and Legal Studies 2015 PROSE Award and was chosen by the Association of College and Research Libraries as a Choice Outstanding Academic Title. Professor Motomura has testified in the U.S. Congress, has served as co-counsel or a volunteer consultant in many litigated cases and policy matters, and has been a member of the American Bar Associations Commission on Immigration. He is one of the co-founders and current directors of the Rocky Mountain Immigrant Advocacy Network (RMIAN), and he serves as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the National Immigration Law Center. In the fall of 2008, he was an outside advisor to the Obama-Biden Transition Team's Working Group on Immigration Policy. Before joining the permanent faculty of UCLA Law in 2008, Professor Motomura was Kenan Distinguished Professor of Law at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, and before that Nicholas Doman Professor of International Law at the University of Colorado, Boulder. He has been a visiting professor at Hokkaido University in Sapporo, Japan, the University of Michigan Law School, and UCLA, and a guest researcher at the Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin. He was the first Lloyd Cutler Berlin Prize Fellow at the American Academy in Berlin, and has served on the Board of Governors of the University of North Carolina Press. Professor Motomura is currently a member of the Editorial Board of the International Migration Review. In 1997, Professor Motomura was named President's Teaching Scholar, which is the highest teaching distinction at the University of Colorado, and he has won several other teaching awards, including the 2008 Distinguished Teaching Award for Post-Baccalaureate Instruction at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, and the 2013 Chris Kando Iijima Teacher and Mentor Award from the Conference of Asian Pacific American Law Faculty (CAPALF). Most recently, he was one of just 26 law professors nationwide profiled in What the Best Law Teachers Do (Harvard 2013), and he received the UCLA Distinguished Teaching Award in 2014. He teaches immigration law , civil procedure, and the Immigrants' Rights Policy Clinic. In 2017, Professor Motomura was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship for 2018, to work on a book, The New Migration Law. A preliminary article version of the project is forthcoming in the January 2020 issue of the Cornell Law Review . For his collaboration on an overview of U.S. immigration law in a completely different medium, see The Try Guys Try Immigrating to America . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 206-5676 motomura@law.ucla.edu 
 Thomas Muller Lecturer in Law B.A. Yale University, 1975 M.U.P. New York University, 1982 J.D. New York University, 1981 Biography Courses Tom Muller earned his B.A. in Political Science from Yale University in 1975, and his M.U.P. (Masters in Urban Planning) from New York University in 1982. He earned his J.D., cum laude , from New York University in 1981 where he was Order of the Coif, a recipient of the William Miller Award for Excellence in Municipal Law, and articles editor for the New York University Law Review . Before law school, Muller worked on urban planning and economic development projects for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and the Regional Plan Association. Muller is currently a partner in the Real Estate & Land Use Practice Group at Manatt, Phelps, and Phillips LLP in Los Angeles. He assists clients (including real estate investment trusts and offshore investors) in acquisition, disposition, joint venture, ground leasing, like-kind exchange, development and financing of properties ranging from raw land to industrial and office properties, to hotels, to portfolios of regional shopping centers. He has also represented domestic and foreign lenders and borrowers in construction and permanent financings of hotel, office, retail, and industrial projects. During recessionary periods, his work involved complex loan workouts and restructurings for institutional lenders, purchasers of loan portfolios, and borrowers. Muller also has substantial expertise in land use regulation and real estate development, including environmental impact analysis, development agreements, and entitlement of mixed-use projects and master planned communities. Prior to joining Manatt, Muller was a partner at OMelveny & Myers LLP in Los Angeles from 1990-2008, and was an associate at the firm from 1984-1990. He also has worked as an associate at Weil, Gotshal & Manges in New York between 1981 and 1984. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 muller@law.ucla.edu 
 Stephen R. Munzer Distinguished Research Professor of Law B.A. Kansas, 1966 B.Phil. Oxford, 1969 J.D. Yale, 1972 UCLA Faculty Since 1982 Biography Bibliography Courses Stephen Munzer teaches Contracts , Property , and courses and seminars in legal philosophy and biotechnology. The American Philosophical Association awarded him the David Baumgardt Memorial Fellowship for 1997-98, and the Berger Prize in the Philosophy of Law in 1999. He received a National Endowment for the Humanities fellowship in 1991. In 2018 he was awarded the Oliver C. Schroeder, Jr. Prize. Professor Munzer studied philosophy at Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar. He graduated from Yale Law School and was an associate at Covington & Burling in Washington, D.C. Thereafter, he taught in the philosophy department of Rutgers University before entering law teaching. His interests include Christian theology and sports. Professor Munzer's current research interests include intellectual property, indigenous peoples, and moral and political philosophy. He is the author of A Theory of Property (1990), and editor of New Essays in the Legal and Political Theory of Property (2001). In 2009 the American Philosophical Association published a tribute to his work on legal philosophy and biotechnology. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 825-1332 munzer@law.ucla.edu 
 Victor H. Narro Lecturer in Law B.A. Virginia Commonwealth University, 1986 J.D. University of Richmond School of Law, 1991 Biography Courses Victor Narro is a nationally known expert on the workplace rights of immigrant workers. He has been involved with immigrant rights and labor issues for many years, and is currently Project Director for the UCLA Downtown Labor Center. At the Labor Center, Narros focus is to provide leadership training and workshops for Los Angeless immigrant workers, and internship opportunities for UCLA students. Narro is a faculty member of the UCLA Department of Labor and Workplace Studies. He is also a lecturer for the Chicano/a Studies Department, where he teaches classes that focus on immigrant workers and the labor movement. In August 2017, the Mayor of Los Angeles appointed Narro to serve on the five-member commission for the new Department of Cannibis Regulation. Narro was formerly Co-Executive Director of Sweatshop Watch. Prior to that, he was the Workers Rights Project Director for the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA) where he was involved with organizing day laborers, domestic workers, garment workers, and gardeners. His work in multi-ethnic organizing led to the creation of the Multi-ethnic Immigrant Workers Organizing Network (MIWON) in collaboration with KIWA, Garment Worker Center and Pilipino Worker Center. Through Narros leadership, the day laborer project has grown into the National Day Laborer Organizing Network that today includes 40 community-based worker centers around the country. Over the past few years, Narro has worked with the Los Angeles Labor Movement on major immigrant worker organizing campaigns with janitors, hotel workers, laundry workers, sanitation workers, port truckers, and the CLEAN Carwash Campaign. Before his tenure at CHIRLA, Narro worked in the Los Angeles Regional Office of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund (MALDEF). From 2005-2010, Narro was appointed by L.A. Mayor Villaraigosa to the Police Permit Review Panel of the Los Angeles Police Commission, and he served on the Board of Commissioners of the Community Redevelopment Agency of Los Angeles in 2011. In 2017, L.A. Mayor Garcetti appointed Narro to a five-year term on the Cannabis Regulations Commission. Narro is the author of many law review and journal articles. He is co-author of Broken Laws, Unprotected Workers: Violations of Employment and Labor Laws in Americas Cities (2008), and Wage Theft and Workplace Violations in Los Angeles (2010). He is also co-editor of Working for Justice: The L.A. Model of Organizing and Advocacy (Cornell University Press, 2010). Narro published Living Peace: Connecting Your Spirituality with Your Work for Justice (CreateSpace Publishing 2014), and the Spanish language version, Paz en Accion: Conecta tu espiritualidad con tu trabajo por la justicia social (2015). More recently, Narro is co-editor and contributing author of No One Size Fits All: Worker Organization, Policy, and Movement in a New Economic Age (Cornell University Press, 2018). : Contact Information UCLA Downtown Labor Center 675 South Park View Street Los Angeles, CA 90057 Phone: 213-480-4154, ext. 209 Cell: 310-980-8841 vnarro@irle.ucla.edu 
 Grant S. Nelson Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. University of Minnesota, 1960 J.D. University of Minnesota, 1963 UCLA Faculty Since 1991 Biography Bibliography Courses Grant Nelson teaches Real Estate Finance, Advanced Real Estate Transactions, Property, Land Use Regulation, and Remedies. He is the recipient of the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching in 2000 and the university's Distinguished Teaching Award in 2002. Professor Nelson was also elected Professor of the Year by the UCLA Law Classes of 2004 and 2005. He was the Co-Reporter for the American Law Institute's Restatement of Property (Third)--Mortgages (1997), serves on the Law School Editorial Advisory Board of the West Academic Publishing, and has served as a Commissioner of the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws for nine years. While in law school, Professor Nelson was an editor on the Minnesota Law Review. After serving as an officer in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam era, he practiced real estate finance at Faegre and Benson, a large Minneapolis law firm. He taught at the University of Missouri-Columbia School of Law for twenty-four years, where he was the Enoch H. Crowder & Earl F. Nelson Professor of Law and was elected Outstanding Professor by three classes. He was elected Professor of the Year at two other law schools where he was visiting. He chaired the Missouri State Bar Property Committee. Professor Nelson, who is also William H. Rehnquist Professor of Law, Emeritus at Pepperdine University, has published many books and articles on real estate finance law, property and remedies, the most recent of which include: Real Estate Transfer, Finance and Development (with Dale A. Whitman, Ann Burkhart and Wilson Freyermuth), 9th ed. St. Paul: West Academic (2015); Real Estate Finance Law (with Dale A. Whitman), 6th ed. St. Paul: West Academic (2014); and Contemporary Property (with Dale A. Whitman, Colleen Medill and Shelley Saxer), 4th ed. St. Paul: West Academic (2013). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 nelson@law.ucla.edu 
 Neil W. Netanel Pete Kameron Professor of Law B.A. Yale, 1976 J.D. UC, Berkeley, 1980 J.S.D. Stanford, 1998 UCLA Faculty Since 2004 Biography Bibliography Courses Neil Netanel teaches and writes in the areas of copyright, free speech, international intellectual property, and telecommunications law and policy. His recent books and book projects include Copyright's Paradox (Oxford University Press, 2008); The Development Agenda: Global Intellectual Property and Developing Countries (Neil Weinstock Netanel ed., Oxford University Press, 2008); From Maimonides to Microsoft: The Jewish Law of Copyright Since the Birth of Print (Oxford University Press, 2016); and Copyright: What Everyone Needs to Know (Oxford University Press, 2018). Professor Netanel joined the UCLA School of Law faculty in fall 2004. Prior to joining UCLA Law, Netanel served for a decade on the faculty of the University of Texas at Austin School of Law, where he was the Arnold, White & Durkee Centennial Professor of Law. From 1980 to 1981, Netanel was Assistant to the General Counsel of the State of Israel's Environmental Protection Service. He then practiced law at Loeb and Loeb in Los Angeles (1981-84) and Yigal Arnon & Co. in Tel-Aviv (1985 to 1992). Professor Netanel received his B.A. from Yale University (1976), J.D. from UC Berkeley Boalt Hall School of Law (1980), and J.S.D. from Stanford University (1998). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 netanel@law.ucla.edu 
 Mary D. Nichols Professor-in-Residence Chair, California Air Resources Board B.A. Cornell University, 1966 J.D. Yale, 1971 Biography Mary Nichols, professor-in-residence, currently serves as Chairman of the California Air Resources Board. She was appointed to this position by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in July 2007. Prior to this appointment, she served as Director of the UCLA Institute of the Environment (IoE). Nichols received her B.A. from Cornell University (1966) and her J.D. from Yale Law School (1971). After law school, she worked as an attorney for the Center for Law in the Public Interest in Los Angeles (1971-74) where she brought the first litigation under the then recently passed Clean Air Act. Nichols was employed by the State of California as the Secretary of Environmental Affairs and the Chair of the Air Resources Board (1974-78), and briefly served as Los Angeles Chief Assistant City Attorney in charge of the civil branch (1978-79) before returning to her previous position at the state (1979-1983). Nichols moved on to private environmental law consultation (1983-88), while serving as campaign manager for Tom Bradley for Governor of California (1985-86). Nichols also took on the role of Director for the People for the American Way (1987-88) before founding the Los Angeles office for Natural Resources Defense Council as senior attorney (1989-93). From 1993-97, Nichols was appointed as Assistant Administrator of Air and Radiation for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. She then headed the Environment Now Foundation as Executive Director from 1997-98. Prior to joining UCLA, Nichols served as the California Secretary for Resources (1979-2003) where she was responsible for the states activities relating to the management, preservation, and enhancement of its natural resources, and for the oversight of the states scenic, cultural, and recreational resources. In February 2009, she was awarded the Attorney of the Year award from California Lawyer Magazine (the CLAY award) for her contributions to environmental law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 nichols@law.ucla.edu 
 David Nimmer Of Counsel, Irell & Manella LLP Adjunct Faculty A.B. Stanford, 1977 J.D. Yale, 1980 Biography Bibliography Courses David Nimmer is of counsel to Irell & Manella LLP in Los Angeles, California. He also serves as Professor from Practice at UCLA School of Law and Distinguished Scholar at the Berkeley Center for Law and Technology. In 2000, he was elected to the American Law Institute. Since 1985, Prof. Nimmer has authored and updated Nimmer on Copyright , the standard reference treatise in the field, first published in 1963 by his late father, Professor Melville B. Nimmer. The U.S. Supreme Court has cited Nimmer on Copyright on numerous occasions, as has every federal appellate court, countless district and state courts, as well as courts confronting copyright cases in countries across the globe. Widely recognized as a foremost expert in copyright law, Prof. Nimmer was named one of "The 25 Most Influential People in IP" by The American Lawyer . He has also been named the 2018 Copyright Law "Lawyer of the Year" and the 2013 Los Angeles Litigation Intellectual Property "Lawyer of the Year" by The Best Lawyers in America and one of California's "Top 10 Copyright Lawyers" by the Los Angeles and San Francisco Daily Journal . Prof. Nimmer represents clients in the entertainment, publishing and high-technology fields. He has twice served as co-counsel representing clients before the U.S. Supreme Court. On the first occasion, a unanimous decision in favor of his client drew the boundaries between copyright and trademark protection. In the second, another unanimous decision in favor of his client set the stage to compensate all freelance journalists in the country for their past articles. He gave congressional testimony at the invitation of the House Judiciary Committee in 2014; on behalf of the United States Telephone Association in 1997; and on behalf of the National Association of Broadcasters in 1992; he also delivered Parliamentary testimony on behalf of the Combined Newspaper and Magazine Copyright Committee of Australia in Sydney in 1993. He received an A.B. with distinction and honors in 1977 from Stanford University and his J.D. in 1980 from Yale Law School, where he served as editor of the Yale Law Journal . Prof. Nimmer also served as the Chairman on the Committee on Intellectual Properties Litigation for the American Bar Association from 1989-1992. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 nimmer@law.ucla.edu 
 Benjamin Nyblade Director, Empirical Research Group B.A. Oberlin College, 1997 Ph.D. UC San Diego, 2004 Biography Bibliography Courses Benjamin Nyblade is the Director of the Empirical Research Group (ERG) at UCLA School of Law, where he works with faculty to conceptualize, design and execute empirical research across a broad range of legal fields. Nyblade earned his B.A. with Highest Honors in Politics and East Asian Studies from Oberlin College and his Ph.D. in Political Science from UC San Diego. Before arriving at UCLA School of Law, he was faculty at the University of British Columbia and an adjunct political scientist with the RAND Corporation. His research has appeared in many top political science journals, including the American Journal of Political Science , American Political Science Review , British Journal of Political Science and International Studies Quarterly . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 nyblade@law.ucla.edu 
 Jason Oh Professor of Law B.A., Harvard University, 2004 J.D., Harvard Law School, 2007 UCLA Faculty since 2012 Biography Bibliography Courses Professor Jason Oh specializes in tax policy and public finance. He has written extensively on how politics and institutions shape tax and budgetary policy. He has testified in front of the House Ways and Means Committee of the U.S. Congress on issues of tax policy and inequality. He is also a frequent commentator on tax and public finance issues and has appeared on NBC Nightly News , Bloomberg , the Wall Street Journal, CNN , and NPR . Professor Oh's work also explores how fiscal instruments could be better designed to respond to international tax evasion and better adapted to different types of assets such as intangibles or closely-held businesses. His articles have appeared in the NYU Law Review , the Penn Law Review , Iowa Law Review , and the Tax Law Review . Professor Oh teaches Federal Income Taxation and Taxation of Business Enterprises . In addition, he serves as a faculty coordinator of the UCLA Colloquium on Tax Policy & Public Finance. Professor Oh attended the California Institute of Technology for two years (2000-2002) before transferring to Harvard University, where he received his B.A summa cum laude in 2004 with a concentration in physics and mathematics. He earned his J.D. magna cum laude from Harvard Law School in 2007. Upon graduation from law school, Oh worked as a tax attorney for Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz where his work involved the tax and structural implications of complex mergers, acquisitions and spin-off transactions involving public and private companies, as well as analyzing tax issues relating to debt restructuring and recapitalization transactions. Prior to joining the UCLA faculty, he spent two years as the Acting Assistant Professor of Tax Law at NYU Law School. He currently serves on the board of directors for the National Tax Association. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 oh@law.ucla.edu 
 Frances Elisabeth Olsen Professor of Law B.A. Goddard College, 1968 J.D. University of Colorado, 1971 S.J.D. Harvard, 1984 UCLA Faculty Since 1984 Biography Bibliography Courses Frances Olsen teaches Feminist Legal Theory, Dissidence & Law, Family Law, and Torts. Her areas of research interest include legal theory, social change and feminism. During law school, Professor Olsen did legal aid work for migrant farm workers in Colorado and was the notes & comments editor of the University of Colorado Law Review. She then clerked for the chief judge of the U.S. District Court in Colorado. She represented Native Americans at Wounded Knee in 1973. She established the first feminist public interest law firm in Denver, and, from 1981 to 1983 while an S.J.D. student, founded a legal academic women's group, the Fem-Crits, which spread across the country. She has taught courses in feminist legal theory at Harvard, Oxford, Cambridge, Berlin, Frankfurt, Tokyo, Jerusalem, and at other universities in the U.S., France, Italy, Japan, and Israel. She was a fellow at Oxford University in 1987 and holds a Life Fellowship at Churchill College, Cambridge University. She has lectured throughout the world. Professor Olsen has edited Feminist Legal Theory I: Foundations and Outlooks and II: Positioning Feminist Theory Within the Law (1995). In addition to writing some 100 articles published world-wide, including in the Harvard Law Review and Yale Law Journal, she co-authored Cases and Materials on Family Law: Legal Concepts and Changing Human Relationships (with Weyrauch and Katz, 1994). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 olsen@law.ucla.edu 
 Gary Orfield Professor of Education, Law, Political Science and Urban Planning Co-Director, Civil Rights Project/Proyecto Derechos Civiles at UCLA B.A. University of Minnesota, 1963 M.A. University of Chicago, 1965 Ph.D. University of Chicago, 1968 Biography Gary Orfield is Professor of Education, Law, Political Science and Urban Planning at UCLA. He was the co-founder and director of the Civil Rights Project ( http://www.civilrightsproject.ucla.edu/ ), the nations leading research center on issues of civil rights and racial inequality, which moved from Harvard University to UCLA in 2007, and was renamed the Civil Rights Project/Proyecto Derechos Civiles at UCLA. Professor Orfield's principal interest is in the development and implementation of social policy, with a focus on the impact of policy on equal opportunity for success in American society. School desegregation and the implementation of civil rights laws have been central issues throughout his career. Recent books include, Dropouts in America: Confronting the Graduation Rate Crisis, School Resegregation: Must the South Turn Back? (with John Boger), and Higher Education and the Color Line (with Patricia Marin and Catherine Horn). In addition to his extensive scholarly work, Professor Orfield has been involved in the development of governmental policy. He has served as an expert witness in several dozen court cases related to his research, including the University of Michigan Supreme Courtcase which upheld the policy of affirmative action in 2003. He has also been called to give testimony in civil rights suits by the United States Department of Justice and many civil rights, legal services, and educational organizations. In 1997 Professor Orfield was awarded the American Political Science Association's Charles Merriam Award for his "contribution to the art of government through the application of social science research." He was also awarded the 2007 Social Justice in Education Award by the American Educational Research Association for "work which has had a profound impact on demonstrating the critical role of education research in supporting social justice." : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 orfield@law.ucla.edu 
 Keith Orso Lecturer in Law B.S. Harvey Mudd College, 1996 M.S. University of Texas, Austin, 1998 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2001 Biography Courses Keith Orso co-teaches Patent Intensive at UCLA School of Law. He is currently partner and and Hiring Chair in the Los Angeles office of Irell & Manella LLP, where he practices patent law in the litigation and intellectual property groups. Mr. Orso has experience with a wide variety of technologies, ranging from computer architecture and communications to medical devices, pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology. Mr. Orso has been selected for inclusion in the 2014-2018 editions of Southern California Super Lawyers in the area of intellectual property litigation. Before that, he was regularly named a Southern California Super Lawyers Rising Star, starting in 2005. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Orso served as a law clerk to the Honorable Mariana R. Pfaelzer of the United States District Court for the Central District of California. Mr. Orso earned his J.D. in 2001 from UCLA School of Law, where he graduated Order of the Coif. During law school, Mr. Orso worked as an Articles Editor for UCLA Law Review and was awarded the American Jurisprudence Bancroft-Whitney Award in Legal Research and Writing. Prior to law school, Mr. Orso obtained a Masters degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Texas, Austin where he was the John E. Kasch endowed graduate fellow and was inducted into the honor societies of Phi Kappa Phi and Omega Chi Epsilon. Mr. Orso received his Bachelors degree in Engineering, with distinction, from Harvey Mudd College, where he studied electrical, computer, chemical, and mechanical engineering and was awarded the Davies Engineering Prize. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 orso@law.ucla.edu 
 James Park Faculty Director, Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy Professor of Law B.A. Miami University, 1996 J.D. Yale, 2000 UCLA Faculty Since 2013 Biography Bibliography Courses James Park is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. He teaches Business Associations , Civil Procedure , Securities Regulation , and a seminar on Advanced Topics in Corporate and Securities Law . He currently serves as the faculty director of the Lowell Milken Institute for Business Law and Policy. Professor Parks research examines the public and private enforcement of the securities laws, as well as federal regulation of governance in public corporations. His scholarship has appeared in the California Law Review , Duke Law Journal , Journal of Empirical Legal Studies , Michigan Law Review , and UCLA Law Review . After graduating from Yale Law School, Professor Park clerked for Judge John G. Koeltl of the U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, and then for Judge Robert A. Katzmann, of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. He practiced law in New York at a law firm and then as an Assistant Attorney General in the Investor Protection Bureau of the New York State Attorney Generals Office. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 825-1744 James.park@law.ucla.edu 
 Jin S. Park Lecturer in Law B.A. Stanford University J.D. UCLA School of Law Biography Courses Jin Park is an adjunct professor at the UCLA School of Law and at the USC Gould School of Law, where she teaches Contract Law . She opened her own practice in 2002, where she focuses on general business and intellectual property contracts. She also serves as outside counsel to the University of Southern California on diverse transactional matters. She teaches Contracts for Foreign Lawyers to our LL.M. students. Prior to opening her own practice, Park worked as the Vice President of Business and Legal Affairs at Clickthebutton.com, Inc., where she was responsible for managing all legal work for the software company. She has also worked as an associate for McDermott, Will & Emery, and McKenna & Cuneo LLP. Jin Park received her B.A. in Economics from Stanford University. She earned her J.D. from the UCLA School of Law where she was an editor for UCLA Law Review . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 parkjin@law.ucla.edu 
 Tracey G. Parr Associate Dean for Academic Programs and Strategic Planning B.A. Dartmouth College, 1997 J.D. Yale Law School, 2003 UCLA Law Faculty Since 2013 Biography Courses Tracey G. Parr is Associate Dean for Academic Programs and Strategic Planning at UCLA School of Law. Associate Dean Parr is a graduate of Dartmouth College and Yale Law School, where she served as an editor of the Yale Law Journal and the Yale Journal of Law and Feminism . After graduating from law school, Parr practiced as an associate in the New York office of Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton. Parr returned to academia in 2007 as the Deans Fellow at Yale Law School, where she worked on special projects for the Dean of the law school and later served as the Director of Recruitment in the schools Admissions Office. Immediately prior to joining UCLA, Parr held roles as the Assistant Dean for Academic Program Development and Assistant Dean for Graduate and Continuing Legal Education at New York Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 parr@law.ucla.edu 
 Edward A. Parson Dan and Rae Emmett Professor of Environmental Law, and Faculty Co-Director of the Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment B.Sc. University College, University of Toronto, 1975 M.Sc. University of British Columbia, 1981 Ph.D. Harvard University, 1992 Biography Bibliography Courses Edward A. (Ted) Parson is Dan and Rae Emmett Professor of Environmental Law and Faculty Co-Director of the Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at the University of California, Los Angeles. Parson studies international environmental law and policy, the role of science and technology in policy-making, and the political economy of regulation. His articles have appeared in Science, Nature, Climatic Change, Issues in Science and Technology, the Journal of Economic Literature, and the Annual Review of Energy and the Environment . His most recent books are A Subtle Balance: Evidence, Expertise, and Democracy in Public Policy and Governance, 1970-2010 (McGill-Queens University Press, 2015), The Science and Politics of Global Climate Change (with Andrew Dessler) (2nd ed. Cambridge, 2010), and Protecting the Ozone Layer: Science and Strategy (Oxford, 2003), which won the 2004 Sprout Award of the International Studies Association and is widely recognized as the authoritative account of the development of international cooperation to protect the ozone layer. Parson has led and served on multiple advisory committees, for the National Academy of Sciences, the U.S. Global Change Research Program, and other national and international bodies. He was formerly Joseph L. Sax Collegiate Professor of Law, Professor of Natural Resources and Environment, and Professor of Public Policy at the University of Michigan, and spent twelve years on the faculty of Harvards Kennedy School of Government. In addition to his academic positions, Parson has worked and consulted for the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, the Office of Technology Assessment of the U.S. Congress, the Privy Council Office of the Government of Canada, the U.N. Environment Program, and the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA). He holds degrees in physics from the University of Toronto and in management science from the University of British Columbia, and a Ph.D. in Public Policy from Harvard. In former lives, he was a professional classical musician and an organizer of grass-roots environmental groups. : Contact Information Room 3456, UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 206-4586 parson@law.ucla.edu Assistant: Laura Elbaum (310) 206-2842 elbaum@law.ucla.edu Related Information Personal Web Site 
 Sunita Patel Assistant Professor of Law Faculty Director, UCLA Veterans Legal Clinic J.D. American University Washington College of Law B.A. Tulane University UCLA Faculty Since 2017 Biography Bibliography Courses Sunita Patel is an Assistant Professor of Law and Faculty Director of the UCLA Veterans Legal Clinic. Her areas of research include police misconduct, civil rights litigation, social movement theory, and the intersection of migrant rights and criminal procedure. Prior to joining UCLA, she held clinical teaching positions with the Civil Advocacy Clinic at American University and the Transnational Legal Clinic at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. She has practice experience with notable public interest institutions, including the Center for Constitutional Rights, The Legal Aid Society of New York, and the Southern Center for Human Rights. An experienced litigator, Professor Patel has appeared before administrative bodies; state, federal, and appellate courts; and human rights tribunals. She has engaged in significant litigation and advocacy on a range of issues including; policing, criminal justice processes, racial profiling, immigration detention, employment law, and international human rights, and has also provided legal counsel to numerous grassroots social justice organizations. Professor Patels influential cases included Floyd v. City of New York , a watershed successful class action lawsuit against the New York City Police Departments discriminatory stop and frisk practices and Turkmen v. Ashcroft (argued in the U.S. Supreme Court this year), a class action Bivens suit on behalf of Muslim and Arab men challenging senior officials in the U.S. government for their roles in the post-9/11 round-ups and punitive treatment in federal prison. Professor Patel served as a judicial law clerk for the Honorable Ivan L. R. Lemelle in the Eastern District of Louisiana and was previously awarded a prestigious Soros Justice Advocacy Fellowship. She has served as a board member for the U.S. Human Rights Network and Families for Freedom. Students are welcome to meet with Professor Patel to discuss public interest career opportunities, including fellowship proposals, and judicial clerkships. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 patel@law.ucla.edu 
 Jessica Peake Director, International and Comparative Law Program Assistant Director, the Promise Institute for Human Rights LL.B. University of Sheffield, UK LL.M. University of Leiden, the Netherlands LL.M. University of Pennsylvania S.J.D. University of Pennsylvania (pending) Biography Courses Jessica Peake is the Director of the International and Comparative Law Program (ICLP) at UCLA School of Law. The Program provides an extensive array of programming for the law school community, alumni, and the public, including speaker series, workshops, conferences, and international law career-related events. Jessica is responsible for developing and managing program activities, and supervising students in a range of international law related pursuits. She is the academic advisor to students pursuing a specialization in International and Comparative Law, and is the coach for teams representing UCLA Law in a variety of international law and international humanitarian law moot court competitions. Since arriving at UCLA in January 2014, Jessica has developed relationships with several human rights organizations creating internship, externship and pro bono opportunities for our students. She has also assisted in the expansion of UCLA Law's Foreign Legal Study and Exchange Program. Jessica's research focuses on international criminal law and procedure, international humanitarian law and human rights. She is currently involved in projects related to criminal justice reform in Africa, efforts to end child marriage in Bangladesh and developing an International Law Center in Nepal. Jessica earned her LL.B. from the University of Sheffield, UK, and an LL.M. from the University of Leiden, the Netherlands. Jessica also gained an LL.M. from the University of Pennsylvania as a Thouron Scholar. While at Penn Jessica represented clients in immigration proceedings with the Transnational Legal Clinic, and authored a working paper on Immigrant Detention Conditions: Law, Policy and Practice in the Asia Pacific Region , for the Third Asia Pacific Conference on Refugee Rights 2010 and UNHCR Asia Pacific Detention Conference 2011. Before joining UCLA, Jessica worked in prosecution at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, The Hague, and in the Defense Services Section at the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia. Jessica was the Executive Director of a women's rights non-profit in New York focused on the protection and advancement of women at risk in the developing world, through the provision of shelter, education and training. Jessica also engaged in pro-bono work with women at risk through HIAS and Counsel Migration Services of Philadelphia. Her most recent publication is "The Institutional Framework of the Office of the Prosecutor, Legitimacy, and Overcoming Bias Allegations" in Contemporary Issues Facing the International Criminal Court, Contemporary Issues Facing the International Criminal Court (edited by Richard H. Steinberg). Brill/Nijhoff (2016). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Drive East Los Angeles, CA 90095 (310) 206-8974 peake@law.ucla.edu 
 Claudia L. Pea Lecturer in Law B.A. Mills College, 2003 J.D. UCLA, 2008 Biography Courses Claudia Pea teaches Introduction to Disability Law and Re-envisioning the Lawyers Role: Trauma Informed Lawyering and Restorative/Transformative Justice . Her research interests include civil, human, and disability rights as well as trauma-informed lawyering. Pea is a co-founder of Repair, an organization based in Los Angeles that addresses how systems of oppression and exploitation, such as racism, make people sick and disable communities. She conducts CLE and other trainings for non-profits, government agencies and private firms on how advocates are impacted by both primary and secondary trauma and how to address the trauma experienced by their clients. She has testified at Senate hearings with regard to sex trafficking and previously directed the California Civil Rights Coalition for 5 years. Pea also teaches in the Gender Studies Department at UCLA. Pea earned her B.A. at Mills College in Sociology and her J.D. at UCLA School of Law where she specialized in the Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy and Critical Race Studies. Her work has be published in California Lawyer , Non-Profit Quarterly , and Georgetown Journal of Modern Critical Race Perspectives . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 pena@law.ucla.edu 
 Mark A. Peterson Professor of Public Policy, Political Science, and Law A.B. University of Michigan, 1977 A.M University of Michigan, 1981 Ph.D. University of Michigan, 1985 Biography Mark Peterson is Professor of Public Policy and Political Science in the Department of Public Policy's Meyer and Renee Luskin School of Public Affairs, and Professor of Law at the UCLA School of Law. He earned his A.B. in 1977, his A.M. in 1981, and his Ph.D. in 1985, all from the University of Michigan. He is currently Chair of the Department of Public Policy, and also served in that role from 2002 to 2006. Peterson is a Faculty Associate of the Center for Health Policy Research and the Center for Society & Genetics; Co-Director of the Policy Core for the Center for HIV Identification, Prevention, and Treatment Services; and currently is on the faculty advisory committee of the Center for American Politics and Public Policy, and a member of the Community and Policy Advisory Board of the Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholars Program at UCLA and the Internal Advisory Board for the UCLA Clinical and Translational Science Institute. He has previously served on the faculty boards of the Center for Policy Research on Aging and the Institute for Social Research. He is also currently a member of the University of California's Faculty Senate Task Force on the Future of Health Benefits, and holds a joint appointment with the Department of Political Science. A specialist on American national institutions, much of Peterson's scholarship focuses on interactions among the Presidency, Congress, and interest groups, evaluating their implications for policy making, both within the general domain of domestic policy and with special attention to national health care policy and Medicare reform. Petersons most recent research, for a book manuscript entitled Hardball Politics, Hobbled Policy: Contexts, Choices, and Consequences in U.S. Health Reform, examines how recognized problems in the health care system, the influence of public opinion, transformation of the interest group community, institutional dynamics in Congress, changes in the context and demands of political leadership, various dimensions of social learning by policy makers, and strategic and tactical choices by presidents both thwarted health care reform in the past and ultimately made possible the enactment of President Obama's Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010. For more information on Professor Peterson's work, please visit the Meyer and Renee Luskin School of Public Affairs . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 markap@ucla.edu 
 John J. Power Chief Financial and Administrative Officer Emeritus Lecturer in Law B.S. UC Berkeley, 1970 M.B.A. UCLA, 1972 UCLA Faculty Since 1993 Biography Courses John J. Power, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer Emeritus of UCLA School of Law, teaches Accounting for Lawyers and Financial Analysis . Before joining the School of Law, Mr. Power was a partner at Price Waterhouse in Century City. He also worked several years in the firm's offices in Kuwait and Korea. He has been active in the UCLA Alumni Association as Treasurer and as a member of its Board of Directors, and was a member of the Board of Governors of the UCLA Faculty Center. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 power@law.ucla.edu 
 Susan Westerberg Prager Arjay and Frances Fearing Miller Professor of Law Emerita Dean Emerita A.B. Stanford, 1964 M.A. History, Stanford, 1967 J.D. UCLA, 1971 UCLA Faculty Since 1972 Biography Bibliography Susan Westerberg Prager served as Dean of the School of Law from 1982 to 1998. She then became Provost of Dartmouth College, returning to UCLA Law in 2001 to focus her research and to teach Wills and Trusts and a seminar on California legal history. Before law school, where she served as editor-in-chief of the UCLA Law Review , Professor Prager worked for three legislators in the U.S. Congress and the California Legislature. She practiced law at Powe, Porter & Alphin in Durham, N.C., and one year later returned to Los Angeles to join the UCLA Law faculty, where she focused on family law, community property, and historic preservation law. She was appointed Associate Dean in 1979, and became Dean three years later. She served also for fourteen years as a trustee of Stanford University. Professor Prager served the longest tenure of any dean in UCLA Law history. She was one of the first female deans in the law school world, and was the first alum to become dean of the UCLA School of Law. She spearheaded the expansion of the UCLA Law Clinical Program, as well as two building projects: the Clinical Wing and the magnificent Hugh & Hazel Darling Law Library. As Dean, she fostered a collegial community, oversaw the appointment of a large number of the current faculty, and enhanced the curriculum in international, environmental, public interest, entertainment, and corporate law. As President of the Association of American Law Schools in 1986, in her role as Dean, and in a multiplicity of other settings, Professor Prager is widely regarded as a leader in national legal education issues and as an advocate for intellectual and racial diversity. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 prager@law.ucla.edu 
 Nina Rabin Director of the Immigrant Family Legal Clinic B.A. Harvard University, 1998 J.D. Yale Law School, 2003 Biography Bibliography Courses Nina Rabin is Director of the Immigrant Family Legal Clinic at UCLA School of Law. She was previously Clinical Professor of Law at University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law where she served as Director of the Bacon Immigration Law and Policy Program, an interdisciplinary program on immigration law and policy. In each of the legal clinics she has developed and directed, Rabin has worked in partnership with community organizations and local institutions to best serve the multi-faceted needs of mixed status families. At the same time, she has undertaken policy research and advocacy to study and document the impact of immigration enforcement on women and families. She has authored articles and reports on the consequences of immigration enforcement for children in immigrant families, working conditions of low-wage immigrant women workers, immigrants parental rights, and the treatment of women fleeing gender-based violence in immigration detention. She has spoken extensively on immigration policy issues in a variety of venues, including academic conferences, community forums, and a Congressional briefing. She has also participated in trainings on immigration for attorneys and community leaders. Her publications have appeared in the Michigan Journal of Law Reform , Journal of Law & Education , and Connecticut Law Review , among others. Prior to her work in Arizona, Rabin clerked for the Honorable Dorothy W. Nelson on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and practiced in a civil rights law firm in California. She graduated from Yale Law School in 2003 and Harvard College in 1998. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 rabin@law.ucla.edu 
 Asad Rahim Chancellors Postdoctoral Fellow B.S. Babson College, 2007 J.D. Harvard Law School, 2012 Ph.D. UC Berkeley, 2019 Biography Asad Rahim is a Chancellors Postdoctoral Fellow at UCLA School of Law for 2019-2021. He writes in the areas of constitutional law, critical race theory and employment discrimination. He was previously a Law and Inequality Doctoral Fellow at the American Bar Foundation and an associate editor of the peer-reviewed journal, Law & Social Inquiry . Rahim obtained his B.S. from Babson College where he received the Roger Babson Award, given to the most outstanding student in the graduating class. He obtained his J.D. from Harvard Law School where he was a Jack Kent Cooke Fellow and an Articles Editor for the Harvard Journal on Racial and Ethnic Justice . After law school, he received his Ph.D. in Jurisprudence and Social Policy from UC Berkeley. Rahims research has been funded by the National Science Foundation and the American Bar Foundation. His publications have appeared or are forthcoming in California Law Review , UCLA Law Review and the Annual Review of Law and Social Science . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 rahim@law.ucla.edu 
 Kal Raustiala Professor of Law Director, UCLA Ronald W. Burkle Center for International Relations Faculty Director, UCLA International Education Office UCLA Faculty Since 2000 Biography Bibliography Courses Kal Raustiala is professor at UCLA School of Law and the UCLA International Institute, where he teaches in the Program on Global Studies. Since 2007 he has served as director of the UCLA Ronald W. Burkle Center for International Relations . The Burkle Center is UCLA's primary academic unit for interdisciplinary research on international affairs. From 2012-2015 he served as UCLAs Associate Vice Provost for International Studies. A graduate of Duke University, Professor Raustiala holds a J.D. from Harvard Law School and Ph.D. in political science from the University of California, San Diego. In 2016 he was elected Vice President of the American Society of International Law. Professor Raustiala's research focuses on international law, international relations, and intellectual property. His recent publications include "Governing the Internet," American Journal of International Law (2016); "Fake It Till You Make It: The Good News About Chinas Knockoff Economy, Foreign Affairs , (July/August 2013); NGOs in International Treaty-Making, in The Oxford Guide to Treaties (2012); and Does the Constitution Follow the Flag? The Evolution of Territoriality in American Law , (Oxford, 2009). His most recent book, The Knockoff Economy: How Imitation Sparks Innovation (Oxford, 2012), written with Christopher Sprigman of NYU Law School, has been translated into Chinese, Korean, and Japanese. Professor Raustiala has been a visiting professor at Harvard Law School, Columbia Law School, Princeton University, the University of Chicago Law School, Melbourne University in Australia, and Hebrew University in Jerusalem. In 2016, he was the Yong Shook Lin Visiting Professor of Intellectual Property at the National University of Singapore. Prior to coming to UCLA he was a research fellow in the Foreign Policy Studies Program at the Brookings Institution, a Peccei Scholar at the International Institute for Applied Systems, and an assistant professor of politics at Brandeis University. A life member of the Council on Foreign Relations, Professor Raustiala has served on the editorial boards of International Organization and the American Journal of International Law and is a frequent media contributor whose writing has been featured in the New York Times , the Wall Street Journal , the Financial Times , the New Republic , the New Yorker , Wired , the International Herald Tribune and Le Monde . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 raustiala@law.ucla.edu 
 Richard M. Re Professor of Law and Faculty Co-Director, PULSE @ UCLA Law (Program on Understanding Law, Science & Evidence A.B. Harvard University, 2004 M. Phil. University of Cambridge, 2005 J.D. Yale Law School, 2008 UCLA Faculty Since 2014 Biography Bibliography Courses Richard M. Re is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. His primary research and teaching interests are in criminal procedure, federal courts, and constitutional law. Re is also the faculty co-director of PULSE , or the Program on Understanding Law, Science & Evidence. Res recent scholarship has appeared or is forthcoming in the Michigan Law Review , University of Chicago Law Review, Columbia Law Review , Harvard Law Review , Yale Law Journal , Georgetown Law Journal , and Northwestern University Law Review, among others. Res 2016 article, " Narrowing Supreme Court Precedent From Below " received the annual prize from the AALS Federal Courts Section for the best paper on federal courts by an untenured professor. In 2017, the law school's graduating class selected Re as "Professor of the Year." And during the oral argument in Hughes v. United States (2018), the Justices of the U.S. Supreme Court discussed Professor Res amicus brief criticizing the Marks rule. Re earned an A.B. in Social Studies from Harvard University and an M.Phil. in Political Thought and Intellectual History from the University of Cambridge. Re received his J.D. from Yale Law School. After law school, Re clerked for Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit and then for Justice Anthony M. Kennedy of the Supreme Court of the United States. Re also worked as an Honors Program attorney in the Criminal Appellate Section of the U.S. Department of Justice and practiced law at a firm in Washington, D.C. Re is also a member of PrawfsBlawg and maintains his own blog, Re's Judicata . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Room 3234 (310) 825-7159 re@law.ucla.edu 
 Alison Regan Lecturer in Law B.A. University of Florida, 1987 J.D. Loyola Law School, 1997 Biography Courses Alison Regan teaches Civil Trial Advocacy . She has been a litigator for 20 years, trying cases in both the civil and criminal arena. She is currently a Deputy City Attorney for the City of West Hollywood, where she concentrates on the enforcement of the citys municipal code, trying cases on the citys behalf. She is also a volunteer prosecutor with the LA City Attorney s office, where she handles misdemeanor trials. Prior to joining the City, Regan was an associate with Kaye Scholer LLP where she practiced general civil litigation, also specializing in trial work particularly employment litigation and wrongful termination. Regan received her B.A. from University of Florida as a National Merit Scholar. She subsequently earned her J.D. cum laude Order of the Coif from Loyola law School Los Angeles where she was Editor for the International and Comparative Law Journal . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 regan@law.ucla.edu 
 Peter L. Reich Lecturer in Law Academic Director, Law & Communication Intensive B.A. UCLA, 1976 M.A. UCLA, 1977 J.D. UC Berkeley, 1985 Ph.D. UCLA, 1991 UCLA Faculty Since 2017 Biography Bibliography Courses Professor Peter Reich teaches courses and academic support workshops for international LL.M. students, and directs the Law & Communication Intensive summer program. He was formerly Associate Dean for Academic Affairs, Professor of Law, Director of the Study Abroad Programs in Spain and Mexico, and Director of the Environmental Law Concentration at Whittier Law School. He has taught Introduction to the American Legal System at the Universidad Iberoamericana (Mexico City), Latin American Law at UC Irvine, and Modern Mexican History at UC Riverside. A former research attorney for the California Court of Appeal in Santa Barbara and associate at the downtown Los Angeles law firm Parker, Milliken, Clark, OHara & Samuelian, Professor Reich has published on the legal history and natural resources law of Latin America and the U.S. Southwest. One of his books, Mexicos Hidden Revolution: The Catholic Church in Law and Politics Since 1929 (University of Notre Dame Press, 1995), received the Pacific Coast Council on Latin American Studies Hubert Herring Award, and his articles have appeared in journals such as the Columbia Journal of Environmental Law , the Environmental Law Reporter , the Oxford University Comparative Law Forum, the UCLA Law Review , and the Washington Law Review . Professor Reich has been a recipient of Fulbright, Huntington Library, Rocky Mountain Mineral Law Foundation, and Social Science Research Council fellowships, and in 2017 his The Law of the United States Mexico Border: A Casebook was published by Carolina Academic Press. He serves on the editorial boards of International Wildlife Law & Policy , Western Legal History , and California Legal History , and is a past Chair of the AALS Legal History Section. Professor Reich speaks frequently at academic and professional conferences, and has three times addressed the Senate of Mexico on U.S. water law and federalism. He has coached Whittiers and UCLA's student teams in the California State Bars Environmental Negotiations Competition, and has litigated cases applying Mexican law in the United States. He also finds time for biking, camping, and sea kayaking with his family and for volunteering in local political campaigns. Professor Reich earned his B.A. summa cum laude in History from UCLA, his M.A. and Ph.D. in Modern Latin American History at UCLA, and his J.D. from UC Berkeley, where he was on the Board of Editors for the Industrial Relations Law Journal . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 reich@law.ucla.edu 
 Jesse Reynolds Emmett/Frankel Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy B.A. Hampshire College, 1997 M.S. UC Berkeley, 2000 Ph.D. Tilburg University, 2014 Biography Courses Jesse Reynolds is an Emmett/Frankel Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law for 2018-2020. He researches how society can develop norms, rules, and institutions to manage transboundary environmental problems, particularly those involving new technologies. While his approach is centered in international environmental law, Reynolds draws from other disciplines, including international relations and economics. His research focusses on the governance of climate engineering, a group of proposed methods to intentionally intervene in earth systems at large scales in order to counterbalance anthropogenic climate change. Reynoldss book The Governance of Solar Geoengineering was recently published by Cambridge University Press, and his articles have appeared in Global Environmental Politics , Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews: Climate Change , the Minnesota Journal of Law, Science & Technology , International Studies Review , the Journal of Environmental Law , and elsewhere. Reynolds is also a Research Affiliate at Harvards Solar Geoengineering Research Program at Harvard University. He was previously an assistant professor at the Utrecht Center for Water, Oceans and Sustainability Law, Utrecht University (where he remains an associate researcher) and a lecturer at Tilburg University, both in The Netherlands. Reynolds earned his B.A. in environmental science and chemistry from Hampshire College, his M.S. in environmental science, policy, and management from UC Berkeley, and his Ph.D. in international law from Tilburg University. He has been a Fulbright Fellow through U.S. Department of State and a Science To Achieve Results (STAR) Graduate Fellow through the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Website: http://jreynolds.org/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/JesseLReynolds : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 reynolds@law.ucla.edu 
 Angela R. Riley Professor of Law Director, MA/JD Joint Degree Program in Law and American Indian Studies Director, Native Nations Law and Policy Center B.A., University of Oklahoma, 1995 J.D., Harvard, 1998 Biography Bibliography Courses Angela R. Riley is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law and Director of UCLA's Native Nations Law and Policy Center. She directs the J.D./M.A. joint degree program in Law and American Indian Studies and is the UCLA campus representative on issues related to repatriation under the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA). Professor Riley's research focuses on indigenous peoples rights, with a particular emphasis on cultural property and Native governance. Her work has been published in the Yale Law Journal , Stanford Law Review, Columbia Law Review , California Law Review , Georgetown Law Journal and numerous others. She received her undergraduate degree at the University of Oklahoma and her law degree from Harvard Law School. Professor Riley began her career clerking for Chief Judge T. Kern of the Northern District of Oklahoma. She then worked as a litigator at Quinn Emanuel in Los Angeles, specializing in intellectual property litigation. In 2003 she was selected to serve on her tribes Supreme Court, becoming the first woman and youngest Justice of the Supreme Court of the Citizen Potawatomi Nation of Oklahoma. In 2010 and again in 2016 she was elected by her tribe's General Council to serve as Chief Justice. She previously served as Co-Chair for the United Nations - Indigenous Peoples Partnership Policy Board, with a dedicated mission to implement the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. She is also an Evidentiary Hearing Officer for the Morongo Band of Mission Indians. Professor Riley is a member of the American Law Institute and a co-editor of the Cohen's Handbook on Federal Indian Law . She served as the Oneida Indian Nation Visiting Professor of Law at Harvard Law School in Fall 2015. You can visit her website at www.angelarriley.com . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 riley@law.ucla.edu 
 Michael T. Roberts Executive Director of the Resnick Center for Food Law and Policy, Adjunct Faculty B.S. University of Utah, 1986 J.D. University of Utah, 1989 LL.M. University of Arkansas, 2000 Biography Bibliography Courses Michael T. Roberts is the founding Executive Director of the Resnick Center for Food Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law. He is well versed in a broad range of legal and policy issues from farm to fork in local, national, and global food supply systems. He has authored the first major treatise on food law, titled, Food Law in the United States , published by Cambridge University Press. He is also co-editor of Food Law & Policy , a new casebook published by Wolters Kluwer. He has also written several other chapters and articles on food law topics. He is particularly interested in how the conveyance of information to consumers about food is regulated, the intersection between public health and food regulation, and in the history and development of food law. Roberts is actively involved in the development of food law and policy. He has lectured on food-law subjects at law schools and conferences in a number of countries, including the U.S., China, Korea, United Kingdom, Italy, Canada, Spain, Romania, and Russia. He is a Research Fellow for Renmin University School of Laws Center for Coordination and Innovation for Food Safety. He is an Adjunct Professor of Law for East China University of Science and Technology (Shanghai), where he lectures annually on food law topics. He also lectures frequently and is involved with the University of Tuscia, European Food Law Center (Viterbo, Italy). He is also an Adjunct Professor of Law at Michigan State University, where he teaches a distant education course on China food law. In addition to working with the Advisory Board for the Resnick Center, Roberts serves on various boards related to food law and policy. He is member of the Board of Directors for the newly established non-profit, Feed the Truth organization. He is also a founding board member and historian for the Academy for Food Law and Policy and on the advisory board for the World Food Law Institute. Roberts entered the field of food law when, in 2000, he left his law practice and enrolled in the LL.M. program on agricultural law at the University of Arkansas School of Law, the only such program in the U.S. Since then, Roberts has engaged in a variety of professional capacities related to food law and policy. A few years after completing the LL.M. program, he was invited to join the University of Arkansas School of Law as a Research Professor of Law and as the Director of the National Agricultural Law Center, where he taught food law and policy and founded the law school's Journal of Food Law and Policy . He is the former first chair of the Lex Mundi (world's largest association of private law firms) international Agribusiness practice group. Roberts also was of counsel in Washington D.C. with Venable LLP, as a member of the firm's food and agricultural law practice group, and special counsel to the Roll Global farming and food companies headquartered in Los Angeles, where he was responsible for global food regulation, trade, and public policy. He was also a visiting scholar and consultant to the United Nation's Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) in Rome. Roberts teaches two courses at UCLA Law: Introduction to Food Law and Policy (for second and third year law students) and Historical Perspective: The Role of Law in the Pursuit of a Moral Food System (a modes class for first year law students). He has also been instrumental in the organization of a food studies certificate graduate program at UCLA and was the co-instructor of the programs Introduction to Food Studies course. Roberts is very involved in documenting the history of the development of food law and is working on a number of projects to this end. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 roberts@law.ucla.edu 
 Adam P. Romero Director of Legal Scholarship and Federal Policy & Arnold D. Kassoy Scholar of Law, The Williams Institute A.B. Cornell University, 2002 J.D. Yale Law School, 2007 Biography Courses Adam Romero teaches Law and Sexuality , an advanced constitutional, anti-discrimination, and family law course. He is the Arnold D. Kassoy Scholar of Law, and the Director of Legal Scholarship and Federal Policy, at the Williams Institute at UCLA School of Law. His research focuses on how the law shapes and responds to human vulnerabilities and to disparities and discrimination in our society. Romero has published in numerous volumes and journals and is the co-editor of LGBTQ Divorce and Relationship Dissolution (with Abbie E. Goldberg) (2019, Oxford University Press) and Feminist and Queer Legal Theory: Intimate Encounters, Uncomfortable Conversations (with Martha Albertson Fineman and Jack E. Jackson) (2009, Ashgate/Routledge). Romero completed clerkships for the Honorable M. Margaret McKeown of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, and for the Honorable Shira A. Scheindlin of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. He received his law degree in 2007 from Yale Law School, where he won the Kelley Prize and was a Coker Fellow, an editor of several law journals, and a student director of the Complex Federal Litigation Clinic. He received his undergraduate degree in 2002 from Cornell University, graduating summa cum laude and winning the Sherman-Bennett Prize. Prior to joining the Williams Institute, Romero was a senior associate at the law firm WilmerHale, where he was a member of the Intellectual Property Litigation and Appellate and Supreme Court Litigation Groups. He successfully represented the plaintiffs in Cooper-Harris v. USA , the first case in the nation to declare unconstitutional laws barring the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages in the veterans-benefits context. Prior to law school, he was a criminal defense investigator for the Bronx Defenders. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 romero@law.ucla.edu 
 Lawrence Sager Distinguished Scholar in Residence, UCLA Law and Philosophy Program Visiting Professor B.A. Pomona College, 1963 LL.B. Columbia University School of Law, 1966 Biography Courses Lawrence Sager teaches Religious Liberty . He is currently Alice Jane Drysdale Sheffield Regents Chair at the University of Texas at Austin Law School, where he also served as Dean from 2002 to 2006. Professor Sager is one of the nation's preeminent constitutional theorists and scholars. Professor Sager went to Texas from New York University School of Law, where he was the Robert B. McKay Professor and Co-Founder of the Program in Law, Philosophy & Social Theory. Professor Sager was a Professor of Law at UCLA from 1966 to 1971. He has also taught at Harvard, Princeton, Boston University, and the University of Michigan. Professor Sager is the author or co-author of dozens of articles, many now classics in the canon of legal scholarship. He the author of two books: Justice in Plainclothes: a Theory of American Constitutional Practice (Yale Univ. Press), and Religious Freedom and the Constitution (with Christopher Eisgruber) (Harvard Univ. Press). Some of Professor Sagers recent publications include Congress's Authority to Enact the Violence Against Women Act: One More Pass at the Missing Argument, 121 Yale Law Journal Online 629 (2012) and "Equal Membership, Religious Freedom, and the Idea of a Homeland", in Religion and the Discourse of Human Rights (with Christopher Eisgruber) (Dagan, Lifshitz and Stern, ed., Israel Democracy Institute 2014). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 sager@law.ucla.edu 
 James Salzman Donald Bren Distinguished Professor of Environmental Law B.A. Yale College, 1985 J.D. Harvard Law School, 1989 M.Sc. Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, 1990 Biography Bibliography Courses James Salzman is the Donald Bren Distinguished Professor of Environmental Law with joint appointments at the UCLA School of Law and at the Bren School of the Environment at UC Santa Barbara. He formerly held joint appointments at Duke University as the Samuel F. Mordecai Professor of Law and Nicholas Institute Professor of Environmental Policy. In nine books and more than ninety articles and book chapters, his broad-ranging scholarship has addressed topics spanning drinking water, trade and environment conflicts, policy instrument design, and the legal and institutional issues in creating markets for ecosystem services. A 2012 study by Phillips and Yoo ranked him as the fifth most cited environmental law professor in the field. There have been over 100,000 downloads of his articles. A dedicated classroom teacher and colleague, Salzman was twice selected as Professor of the Year by Duke students. He frequently appears as a media commentator and has lectured on environmental policy on every continent except Antarctica. He has served as a visiting law professor at Columbia, Harvard, Stanford, and Yale as well as at universities in Australia, China, Israel, Italy, Portugal, and Sweden. An honors graduate of Yale College and Harvard University, Salzman was the first Harvard graduate to earn joint degrees in law and engineering and was named a Sheldon Fellow upon graduation. He has both government and private sector work experience. Prior to entering academia, he worked in Paris in the Environment Directorate of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and in London as the European Environmental Manager for Johnson Wax. His honors include election as a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, as well as appointments as a McMaster Fellow and Fulbright Senior Scholar in Australia, a Gilbert White Fellow at Resources for the Future, and a Bellagio Fellow at the Rockefeller Foundation, among others. He has published five casebooks, including International Environmental Law and Policy (with D. Zaelke and D. Hunter, 5th ed. 2015), the leading casebook in the field with adoptions at over 200 schools. His articles have appeared in the UCLA, California, NYU, Penn, Duke and Stanford Law Reviews , as well as other legal, scientific and popular journals. A national survey of environmental law professors has voted his work among the top articles of the year on seven separate occasions. Salzman has been active in the fields of practice and policy, serving as a Member of the Trade and Environment Policy Advisory Committee and the National Drinking Water Advisory Committees, government-appointed bodies providing high-level counsel to the EPA Administrator, as well as advising several environmental non-profits. His most recent book, Drinking Water: A History , was praised as a Recommended Read by Scientific American and reviewed in the New York Times and Washington Post . It is now in paperback in its second edition. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 salzman@law.ucla.edu 
 Jocelyn F. Samuels Executive Director, The Williams Institute B.A. Middlebury College, 1977 J.D. Columbia University School of Law, 1982 Biography Courses Jocelyn Samuels is the Executive Director of the Williams Institute. From July 2014 through the beginning of 2017, Samuels was the Director of the Office for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, where she oversaw civil rights enforcement with respect to hospitals, healthcare providers, insurers, and human services agencies. In that role, Samuels spearheaded development of regulations implementing Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Actthe first broad-based federal law to prohibit sex discrimination in federally-funded healthcare. The regulations that she developed represented a groundbreaking development for LGBT equality, protecting LGBT individuals by prohibiting discrimination based on sex stereotyping and gender identity. Earlier in the Obama Administration, Samuels served as Acting Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Justice, and held other positions as a political appointee within the department. She oversaw work across a range of civil rights issues, including voting rights, systemic reform of police departments, prosecution of hate crimes, and protections for individuals with disabilities. Samuels also managed efforts to extend Title VII and Title IX protections against sex discrimination to LGBT people, and she oversaw the Civil Rights Divisions work to implement United States v. Windsor, the Supreme Courts 2013 decision striking down sections of the Defense of Marriage Act. Earlier in her career, she worked as a senior policy attorney at the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and as Labor Counsel to Senator Ted Kennedy. Samuels service in the Obama Administration came after eight years as the Vice President for Education & Employment at the National Womens Law Center. There she led efforts to promote gender equality, among other things spearheading the campaign that led to enactment of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, the first bill signed into law by President Obama. Samuels earned her bachelors degree magna cum laude with Phi Beta Kappa honors from Middlebury College. She is a graduate of Columbia University Law School where she was Note Editor for The Columbia Law Review and was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar. She is married and has two grown daughters and two dogs. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 samuels@law.ucla.edu 
 Richard H. Sander Professor of Law B.A. Harvard, 1978 M.A. Economics, Northwestern, 1985 J.D. Northwestern, 1988 Ph.D. Economics, Northwestern, 1990 UCLA Faculty Since 1989 Biography Bibliography Courses Richard Sander has been working on questions of social and economic inequality for nearly all of his career. He was born in Washington, D.C., but spent most of his childhood in small towns in northwest Indiana. After earning a B.A. in Social Studies at Harvard, Sander in 1978 joined the federal Vista program and worked for a small neighborhood housing group on Chicago's south side. While organizing tenant unions and building receiverships, he was deeply impressed with the work of the South Shore Bank, an experimental, community-development bank owned by churches and foundations. Sander secured funding from three federal agencies and, with the Woodstock Institute, completed the first detailed study of the bank. South Shore Bank was widely imitated as an instrument for community revitalization in other urban areas over the next two decades. Sander attended graduate school at Northwestern University from 1983 to 1988, earning degrees in law (J.D., 1988) and economics (M.A. 1985, Ph.D., 1990). In his law review comment and dissertation, Sander sought to understand why fair housing laws had seemingly produced widespread integration in some American metropolitan areas, but very little integration in most. During much of this period, Sander served on the board of the Rogers Park Tenants Committee, and worked on the election effort and subsequent transition team of Harold Washington, Chicagos first black mayor. In 1989, Sander joined the faculty of the UCLA School of Law. During this period, he continued his work on housing segregation, but also pursued two new interests: the reasons behind the American legal professions explosive growth since the mid-1960s, and the structure and effects of law school admissions policies. With Kris Knaplund, he published in 1995 the first comparative evaluation of academic support programs used in legal education. After California voters approved Propostion 209 in 1996 banning the use of race in various government programs, including admissions at the University of California Sander successfully argued for the adoption of class-based preferences in the law schools admissions, and published a study on the results of this experiment in 1997. During the 1990s, Sander was involved in several Los Angeles civic initiatives. He served as President of the Fair Housing Congress of Southern California from 1984 to 1996; founded the Fair Housing Institute in 1996, and helped the City of Los Angeles design and implement in 1997 what was, at the time, the nation's most ambitious living wage law. Sander also persuaded regional authorities to develop outreach programs that sharply increased local usage of the Earned Income Tax Credit, generating tens of millions of dollars annually for LA's poorest working families. Sander was one of seven UCLA faculty members and staff who launched the Program in Public Interest Law and Policy, which created a distinct curriculum aimed at public interest students. From 1998 to 2004, Sander helped to steer the "After the JD" study, the first national panel study of law school graduates. In 1998-99, Sander and others at the School of Law launched the Empirical Research Group (ERG), an entity designed to help faculty members undertake ambitious empirical projects and introduce more quantitative and methodological sophistication into their policy-related work. In 2004, Sander published a comprehensive study of affirmative action in American law schools, focusing particularly on the ways in which large preferences imposed unexpected but substantial costs on their intended beneficiaries. Sander teaches courses in property, quantitative methods, urban housing, and policy analysis. He is married to astrophysicist Fiona Harrison, and has a son, Robert. He lives in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 sander@law.ucla.edu 
 Myra Kathleen Saunders Associate Dean and Professor-in-Residence Emerita B.A. UC Berkeley, 1972 M.L.S. USC, 1973 J.D. University of San Diego, 1979 UCLA Faculty Since 1989 Biography Bibliography Myra Saunders joined UCLA in 1983 as Associate Law Librarian for Public Services. In 1989, she was appointed Law Librarian and Professor-in-Residence. In 1998, she was appointed Associate Dean. Professor Saunders served as Law Librarian until 2006, when she stepped down to devote more time to law school administrative issues, largely in the areas of strategic planning and academic personnel. Before coming to UCLA, Professor Saunders held law librarian positions at the University of San Diego, Whittier College School of Law, and UC Berkeley. She has taught both legal bibliography and law librarianship at UCLA's Graduate School of Education and Information Studies. Professor Saunders has written several articles on legal research and California legal history. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 saunders@law.ucla.edu 
 Eileen A. Scallen Professor of Practice and Director of Part-time Faculty B.A. St. Olaf College, 1981 M.A. University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, 1983 J.D. University of Minnesota School of Law, 1986 UCLA Faculty Since 2013 Biography Bibliography Courses Eileen A. Scallen is Professor of Practice and Director of Part-time Faculty. From 2013 to 2017, she served as the Associate Dean for Curriculum and Academic Affairs at UCLA School of Law. As Director of Part-time Faculty, Professor Scallen remains responsible for helping hire, train, coach, and provide teaching feedback to UCLA School of Laws extensive and important part-time faculty. Professor Scallen received her M.A. from the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities and her J.D. magna cum laude from the University of Minnesota Law School, where she was Editor-in-Chief of the Minnesota Law Review and a member of the Order of the Coif. Following law school, she clerked for the Honorable A. Wallace Tashima of the U.S. District Court in the Central District of California, and then became an associate with Latham & Watkins, in downtown Los Angeles. Professor Scallen began her academic career at the University of California, Hastings College of Law. She received the Outstanding Faculty Member award in 1992, and served as Associate Academic Dean from 1996 to 1998. In 2000, Scallen returned to Minnesota for family reasons, joining the faculty at William Mitchell (now called Mitchell Hamline) College of Law as the first lateral, hired as a tenured full Professor of Law at the law school. While back in Minnesota, she did extensive pro bono work for national, state, and local LGBT organizations in addition to expanding her research and teaching interests. In 2007, she received the Everyday Hero award from Twin Cities Pride for her pro bono service to the LGBTQ community. Professor Scallen also has volunteered many hours of training on evidentiary topics to state court judges through their judicial education programs in both Minnesota and California. Her current research interests include rethinking theories of evidentiary privilege, and developing new theories of influence in small group and team settings. She is the primary author of California Evidence Courtroom Manual (with Glen Weissenberger) (published annually by LexisNexis), and Working Together in Law: Teamwork and Small Group Skills for Legal Professionals (with Sophie M. Sparrow and Clifford S. Zimmerman) (Carolina Academic Press, 2014). She has most recently taught Evidence , Civil Procedure , and Advocacy . She has also taught Cross-Cultural Negotiations and Dispute Resolution , Theories of Legal Argumentation & Persuasion , Team Leadership for Lawyers , and Estates and Trusts . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Scallen@law.ucla.edu 
 Frederick Schauer Visiting Professor A.B. Dartmouth College, 1967 M.B.A. Dartmouth College, 1967 J.D. Harvard Law School, 1972 M.A. University of Oxford, 2007 Biography Courses Frederick Schauer is a Visiting Professor at UCLA School of Law. He teaches Constitutional Interpretation . Schauer is the David and Mary Harrison Distinguished Professor of Law at the University of Virginia School of Law. From 1990 to 2008 he was Frank Stanton Professor of the First Amendment at Harvard University, and was previously Professor of Law at the University of Michigan. He has been Visiting Professor of Law at the Columbia Law School, Fischel-Neil Distinguished Visiting Professor of Law at the University of Chicago, Morton Distinguished Visiting Professor of the Humanities at Dartmouth College, Distinguished Visiting Professor at the University of Toronto, Visiting Fellow at the Australian National University, Distinguished Visitor at New York University, and Eastman Professor and Fellow of Balliol College at the University of Oxford. A fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship, Schauer is the author of The Law of Obscenity (BNA, 1976); Free Speech: A Philosophical Enquiry (Cambridge, 1982); Playing By the Rules: A Philosophical Examination of Rule-Based Decision-Making in Law and in Life (Clarendon/Oxford, 1991); Profiles, Probabilities, and Stereotypes (Harvard, 2003); Thinking Like a Lawyer: A New Introduction to Legal Reasoning (Harvard, 2009); and The Force of Law (Harvard, 2015). The editor of Karl Llewellyn, The Theory of Rules (Chicago, 2011), and a founding editor of the journal Legal Theory , he has been chair of the Section on Constitutional Law of the Association of American Law Schools and of the Committee on Philosophy and Law of the American Philosophical Association. In 2005, he wrote the foreword to the Harvard Law Reviews annual Supreme Court issue, and has written widely on freedom of expression, constitutional law and theory, evidence, legal reasoning and the philosophy of law. His books have been translated into Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, French, Chinese and Turkish, and his scholarship has been the subject of three books ( Rules and Reasoning: Essays in Honour of Fred Schauer , Linda Meyer ed., Hart Publishing, 1999; A Demokracia es a Szolasszabadsag Hatari , Andras Koltay ed., Wolters Kluwer 2014; The Force of Law Reaffirmed ; Christoph Bezemek & Nicoletta Ladavac eds., Springer, 2016) and special issues of Jurisprudence , Law & Social Inquiry , Ratio Juris , Politeia , the Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy , and the Notre Dame , Connecticut and Quinnipiac Law Reviews . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Room 3226 (434) 466-2664 fschauer@law.virginia.edu 
 Adi Schnaps Lecturer in Law B.B.A. Hofstra University, 2000 J.D. UCLA, 2007 Biography Courses Adi Schnaps teaches the Corporate/Entertainment/Transactional Practice seminar as part of UCLA School of Laws part-time externship program. She is currently Vice President, Business & Legal Affairs for FMG, a multimedia entertainment, casino and retail company, where she is a trusted advisor to the CEO and executive team and oversees the company's in-house legal department. Adi's background as a deep generalist allows her to dynamically provide substantive review, analysis and advice on contracts, disputes, litigation and various other legal and business affairs matter. She drafts, negotiates and advises on agreements across all divisions and verticals including product licensing, broadcasting, internet, casino, retail, publishing, marketing, human resources, construction and real estate. Previously, Adi was Corporate Counsel at SBE Entertainment Group, an LA-based hospitality and entertainment company after building her early legal foundation at the law firm of Venable, LLP. Adi earned her B.B.A. summa cum laude from Hofstra University and her J.D. from UCLA School of Law where she was Managing Editor for the UCLA Entertainment Law Review . During law school, she externed for The Honorable Judge Dean Pregerson of the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. Adi is a member of the California and New York Bars. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 schnaps@law.ucla.edu 
 Joanna C. Schwartz Professor of Law B.A. Brown University, 1994 J.D. Yale, 2000 UCLA Faculty Since 2006 Biography Bibliography Courses Joanna Schwartz is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. She teaches Civil Procedure and a variety of courses on police accountability and public interest lawyering. She received UCLA's Distinguished Teaching Award in 2015, and served as Vice Dean for Faculty Development from 2017-2019. Professor Schwartz is one of the country's leading experts on police misconduct litigation. Professor Schwartz additionally studies the dynamics of modern civil litigation. She is co-author, with Stephen Yeazell, of a leading casebook, Civil Procedure (10th Edition), and her scholarship has appeared or is forthcoming in Columbia Law Review, New York University Law Review , Stanford Law Review, Texas Law Review , UCLA Law Review , and the Yale Law Journal , among others. Professor Schwartz is a graduate of Brown University and Yale Law School. After law school, Professor Schwartz clerked for Judge Denise Cote of the Southern District of New York and Judge Harry Pregerson of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. She was then associated with Emery Celli Brinckerhoff & Abady LLP, in New York City, where she specialized in police misconduct, prisoners' rights, and First Amendment litigation. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 schwartz@law.ucla.edu 
 Guy Scoffoni Visiting Professor B.A. Laurat de lInstitut, 1976 LL.M. in Law, University of Marseille, 1976 LL.M. in Political Science, University of Marseille, 1978 Ph.D. University of Paris, 1986 Biography Courses Guy Scoffoni, a renowned expert in comparative constitutional law, received his education in France, studying law at the University of Marseille (1976) and completing his doctorate at the University of Paris. Presently, he is Professor of Law at the University of Aix-en-Provence. He served as Acting Dean of the law faculty at the University of Avignon (1994-95). He is a review analyst and on the editorial board of the Revue Francaise de Droit Constitutionnel (French Constitutional Law Review), a member of the Organization of European Programs, and serves on the national and local selection committees for the Civil Service. Scoffoni has visited and taught at many international institutions of higher learning, including Brighton University (England), University of Oslo (Norway), University of Hong Kong, University of Bologna (Italy) and University of Chuo, Tokyo. His teaching background includes Constitutional Law, European Law, Comparative European Legal Systems, Fundamental Rights, and Environmental Law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 scoffoni@law.ucla.edu 
 Elizabeth Scully Lecturer in Law B.A. Harvard University, 1993 J.D. UC Hastings College of the Law, 1996 Biography Courses Elizabeth Potter Scully teaches Mediation 707 as well as a J-Term section of Negotiation Theory and Practice . She is a founding partner at Jacobson Scully Shebby LLP. Her practice is devoted to family law, and includes mediation, consulting attorney, litigation, pre- and post-marital agreements and minors counsel work. Scully received her A.B. in Classics (Latin) magna cum laude from Harvard, and her J.D. from the University of California Hastings College of the Law. Prior to forming Jacobson Scully Shebby LLP in 2010, Scully practiced at Luce, Forward, Hamilton & Scripps LLP, Kaufman, Young, Spiegel, Robinson & Kenerson LLP and as a solo. Scully is certified as a Specialist in Family Law by the California State Bar Board of Legal Specialization, and has represented over 150 children in contested custody matters. She serves on the Executive Committee of Levitt & Quinn Family Law Center, a nonprofit law firm serving the working poor. Los Angeles Magazine recognized her as a Southern California Super Lawyer in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. She and Professor Woody Mosten co-authored the second edition of The Complete Guide to Mediation: How to Effectively Represent Your Clients and Expand Your Family Law Practice (2nd Ed.), ABA Family Law Section (2015) and The Family Lawyers Guide to Unbundling Legal Services, ABA Family Law Section (2017). She also contributed a chapter to Building a Successful Collaborative Practice, ABA Family Law Section (forthcoming 2018). Scully is the 2016 Co-Recipient of the Association of Family and Conciliation Courts Meyer Elkin Essay Award, which honors the best article in Family Court Review (a leading interdisciplinary academic and research journal for family law professionals.) : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Scully@law.ucla.edu 
 Robert Bradley Sears Associate Dean of Public Interest Law David Sanders Distinguished Scholar of Law & Policy, The Williams Institute B.A. Yale, 1992 J.D. Harvard, 1995 UCLA Faculty Since 2000 Biography Courses R. Bradley (Brad) Sears is Associate Dean for Public Interest Programs and David Sanders Distinguished Scholar of Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law. He was the founding director and Executive Director of the Williams Institute, as well as the previous Associate Dean of Programs and Centers, and Adjunct Professor. At UCLA School of Law, Sears teaches courses on sexual orientation law, disability law, and U.S. legal and judicial systems. He has published a number of research studies and articles, primarily on discrimination against LGBT people in the workplace and HIV discrimination in health care. Sears has given hundreds of academic and community presentations on HIV/AIDS and LGBT legal issues. He has testified before Congress and a number of state legislatures, authored amicus briefs in key court cases, helped to draft state and federal legislation, and been cited by a number of media including the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times, National Public Radio, and CNN. When the Williams Institute started in 2001, Sears was the only staff member and the Institute had a budget of $100,000 and endowment of $2.5 million. Sears helped to create and develop the Williams Institutes core programs and strategies. Today, the Institute has 20 faculty and staff members, a budget of nearly $3 million, and an endowment of over $20 million. Sears graduated summa cum laude from Yale University and magna cum laude from Harvard Law School. During law school, he served as Editor-in-Chief of the Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review . After law school, he clerked for the Hon. J. Spencer Letts of the Central District of California; founded the HIV Legal Checkup Project, a legal services program dedicated to empowering people living with HIV, and served as the Discrimination & Confidentiality Attorney for the HIV/AIDS Legal Services Alliance of Los Angeles (HALSA). Sears has served on the board of directors or advisory boards for Being Alive Los Angeles, HALSA, USC's AIDS Education Training Center, the Center for Health Justice, and UCLAs LGBT Studies program. Sears has received Being Alive Los Angeles Volunteer of the Year Award and, in 2009, was recognized on Advocates Magazines 40 Under 40 list. In 2010, under his leadership, the Williams Institute received the Treasures of Los Angeles award from the Los Angeles Central City Association. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 sears@law.ucla.edu 
 Suzanne Segal Lecturer in Law B.A. Claremont McKenna College, 1982 J.D. Cornell Law School, 1987 Biography Courses Suzanne Segal teaches a Judicial Externship seminar as part of UCLA School of Law's part-time externship program. She is currently United States Magistrate Judge for the Central District of California Counsel where she presides over civil proceedings including patent, trademark, copyright matters; employment, civil rights and tort cases; and complex commercial and insurance litigation. She recently completed her four years of service as Chief Magistrate Judge. Prior to her appointment, she served as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Civil Division, and Chief of Civil Appeals for the United States Attorneys Office for the Central District of California. She also practiced civil litigation in Los Angeles, first with Adams, Duque & Hazeltine and later with Dewey Ballantine LLP. Judge Segal earned her B.A. cum laude from Claremont McKenna College and her J.D. from Cornell Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 segal@law.ucla.edu 
 Siyi Shen Emmett/Frankel Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy LL.B. Tongji University Law School, 2014 LL.M. UC Berkeley School of Law, 2015 J.D. Vanderbilt University Law School, 2017 LL.M. Pace University Elisabeth Haub School of Law, 2019 Biography Siyi Shen is an Emmett/Frankel Fellow in Environmental Law and Policy with a China Focus at UCLA School of Law for 2019-2021. She has strong work experience in international and comparative environmental law and policy as well as a background in U.S. domestic environmental law. Her research focuses on climate and energy, climate finance, and environmental justice. Shen was previously a Global Environmental Law Fellow at Elisabeth Haub School of Law at Pace University, and a Legal Fellow at the Center for International Environmental Law in Washington, D.C. She is fluent in Mandarin. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 shen@law.ucla.edu 
 Seana Shiffrin Professor of Philosophy Pete Kameron Professor of Law and Social Justice B.A. UC Berkeley, 1988 B. Phil. Oxford, 1990 D. Phil Oxford, 1993 J.D. Harvard, 1996 UCLA Faculty Since 1992 Biography Bibliography Courses Seana Valentine Shiffrin is Professor of Philosophy and Pete Kameron Professor of Law and Social Justice at UCLA, where she has taught since 1992. Shiffrin received her B.A. degree from UC Berkeley where she was the University Medalist. She attended Oxford University as a Marshall Scholar and received the B.Phil. with Distinction and the D.Phil. in Philosophy. She earned her J.D. from Harvard Law School. She teaches courses on moral and political philosophy as well as contracts, freedom of speech, constitutional rights and individual autonomy, remedies and legal theory. She served for sixteen years as an associate editor of Philosophy and Public Affairs and serves as co-director of the UCLA Law and Philosophy Program. She is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 2016, she received the UCLA School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. Her research addresses issues in moral, political and legal philosophy, as well as matters of legal doctrine, that concern equality, autonomy, and the social conditions for their realization. She has written extensively on the morality of promising and the role of law in facilitating and fostering moral character, with a special emphasis on the connection between contracts and promises. Her recent book, Speech Matters , explored the ethics of communication and the connection between the prohibition on lying, freedom of speech, and moral progress. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 shiffrin@law.ucla.edu 
 Hillary F. Slevin Lecturer in Law B.A. Hampshire College, 1994 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2000 Biography Courses Hillary Slevin received her B.A. from Hampshire College in 1994 and her J.D. from the UCLA School of Law in 2000. While at UCLA, she was an assistant editor of the UCLA Womens Law Journal . After graduation, Slevin worked as a law clerk in the Family Law Department of the Los Angeles Superior Court. She was also a recipient of the American Jurisprudence Bancroft-Whitney Award in Family Law. Slevin opened her own law practice, the Law Offices of Hillary Slevin, which focuses on family law, in 2012. Prior to opening her own practice, Slevin worked as an attorney at Trope and Trope LLP for nearly nine years, and was lead counsel in over 200 cases involving marriage dissolution, domestic partnership, and child custody. She has been qualified as an expert witness on issues of California Community Property in the Superior Court of Qubec . Slevin was selected as a Southern California Rising Star by Super Lawyers in 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014, and as a Super Lawyer in 2015, 2016, and 2017. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 slevin@law.ucla.edu 
 Doug Smith Lecturer in Law B.A. University of Oregon, 2007 M.A. UCLA School of Public Affairs, 2013 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2013 Biography Courses Doug Smith is a Lecturer of Law and co-teaches Community Economic Development Clinic with Professor Scott Cummings at UCLA School of Law. He is currently a Staff Attorney in the Community Development Project at Public Counsel, where he works with community-based organizations, community organizers, and resident leaders in low-income communities across LA County to advance a variety of grassroots movements for social justice and equity. Smith joined Public Counsel in 2013 as an Equal Justice Works Fellow. In addition to his work as a Staff Attorney, Smith has been appointed to serve as a Commissioner on the Los Angeles County Regional Planning Commission. He has also served as guest lecturer and panelist at a variety of conferences and academic institutions, including UCLA School of Law. Smith received his B.A. cum laude in Political Science and History from the University of Oregon. He earned his J.D. at UCLA School of Law, and M.A. in Urban and Regional Planning at UCLA School of Public Affairs. While in law school, Smith was the Emil Joseph Stache Scholar, specialized in public interest law and policy, and was a Managing Editor for the Journal of Environmental Law & Policy . Smiths publications have appeared in The Los Angeles Times , The San Francisco Chronicle , KCET , and the Journal of Affordable Housing & Community Development , among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 smithd@law.ucla.edu 
 Barbara A. Spellman Visiting Professor B.A. Wesleyan University, 1979 J.D. New York University School of Law, 1982 Ph.D. UCLA, 1993 Biography Courses Barbara Spellman is a Visiting Professor at UCLA School of Law. She teaches Law and Psychology . Spellman is a Professor of Law and Professor of Psychology at University of Virginia. She teaches evidence and various courses on the intersection of psychology and law. Spellman has published in both psychology journals and law reviews. She edited a special issue of Psychonomic Bulletin & Review (2010) on emerging trends in psychology and law research. From 2011-15 she served as editor-in-chief of Perspectives on Psychological Science . Her book (with Michael Saks), The Psychological Foundations of Evidence Law , was published in 2016. Spellman received her law degree from NYU in 1982. In the mid-1980s she practiced tax law at Chadbourne & Parke in New York City and worked as a writer and editor at Matthew Bender Company. She then moved to UCLA and earned a Ph.D. in cognitive psychology. Her psychology research focused on memory, analogical reasoning and causal reasoning. Now she writes about judicial reasoning, forensics and the replication crisis in science. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 spellman@law.ucla.edu 
 Clyde S. Spillenger Professor of Law A.B. Princeton, 1982 J.D. History, Yale, 1987 M. Phil. History, Yale, 1988 UCLA Law faculty since 1993 Biography Bibliography Courses Clyde Spillenger currently teaches Civil Procedure, Conflict of Laws, and American Legal History . In law school, Spillenger was articles and commentary editor of the Yale Law and Policy Review . After graduation, he served as consultant to the American Civil Liberties Union's Reproductive Freedom Project in New York and was an associate with the Washington, D.C. law firm of Powell, Goldstein, Frazer and Murphy. Before joining the UCLA faculty, Professor Spillenger was a fellow in American Legal History at the Institute for Legal Studies at the University of Wisconsin Law School. Believing he is really a jazz guitarist in a law professor's body, he is a founding member of The Usual Suspects , the faculty's rock 'n' roll trio, which now exists mostly in his imagination. Professor Spillenger's principal research interest is in American legal and constitutional history. Of particular note are his articles in the Yale Law Journal and the Journal of American History on Louis D. Brandeis. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 spilleng@law.ucla.edu 
 Kirk J. Stark Barrall Family Professor of Tax Law and Policy B.S.F.S. Georgetown, 1989 J.D. Yale, 1994 UCLA Law faculty since 1996 Biography Bibliography Courses Kirk Stark is the Barrall Family Professor of Tax Law and Policy. He teaches Federal Income Taxation, Taxation & Distributive Justice, State and Local Taxation , and the first-year Property course. In addition, he regularly serves as faculty coordinator of the UCLA Colloquium on Tax Policy & Public Finance, an interdisciplinary workshop designed to explore leading research on taxation. Professor Stark was elected Professor of the Year by the law school graduating classes of 1999, 2002, and 2009. He received the University Distinguished Teaching Award in 2003 and the Law School's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching in 2008. Professor Starks research focuses on taxation and public finance, with an emphasis on state and local tax policy and U.S. fiscal federalism. His work has examined fiscal disparities among the states, the federal governments role in state tax reform, and the question of how best to allocate fiscal responsibilities among federal, state and local governments. In addition, Stark is the author of War and Taxes (with Steve Bank and Joe Thorndike), a political history of U.S. tax policy during wartime, as well as two leading casebooks, Federal Income Taxation (with Joseph Bankman and Daniel Shaviro) and State and Local Taxation (with Walter Hellerstein, John Swain and Joan Youngman). Professor Stark regularly testifies on state and local tax policy before the California state legislature and has also served on the Board of Directors of the National Tax Association, a nonpartisan organization founded in 1907 to promote the study of tax policy and public finance. In 2008, he was a visiting professor at Harvard Law School, and he served as Vice Dean for Faculty Development at UCLA School of Law from 2010-2013. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 stark@law.ucla.edu 
 Julia E. Stein Supervising Attorney, Frank G. Wells Environmental Law Clinic Project Director, Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment B.A. Georgetown University, 2006 J.D. Georgetown University Law Center, 2009 Biography Courses Julia Stein is Supervising Attorney for the Frank G. Wells Environmental Law Clinic, and Project Director for the Emmett Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at UCLA School of Law. She was previously senior counsel at Cox, Castle & Nicholson LLP where she focused on environmental litigation, regulatory compliance, and land use practice, including litigating complex environmental cases in state and federal court, advising clients on compliance with state and federal environmental regulations, and assisting clients through land use entitlement and development processes. She also has experience lobbying, drafting legislation, and orchestrating research and comments on significant regulations. Stein earned her B.A. cum laude from Georgetown University, and her J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center. During law school, she was a Global Law School and Teaching Fellow, and Senior Editor of the Georgetown International Environmental Law Review . After law school, Stein worked as an environmental litigator at Bingham McCutchen LLP, Latham & Watkins LLP, and Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP. Stein is a member of the Environmental Section Executive Committee of the California Lawyers Association and is Editor-in-Chief of the Sections publication, Environmental Law News . She is also a member of the Western Center on Law and Poverty Advisory Board and the Los Angeles County Bar Association. Stein has published a number of pieces, including in Environmental Law News , the Daily Journal , the Environmental Law Reporter , and Law360.com. She has co-authored a chapter forthcoming in a book on California water law and endangered species regulation to be published by the Solano Press in 2018. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 steinj@law.ucla.edu 
 Marc I. Steinberg Visiting Professor A.B. University of Michigan, 1972 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1975 LL.M. Yale University, 1977 Biography Courses Marc I. Steinberg is the Rupert and Lillian Radford Chair in Law and Professor of Law at the Southern Methodist University (SMU) Dedman School of Law. He is the Director of the SMU Corporate Counsel Externship Program, the former Director of SMU's Corporate Directors Institute, the former Senior Associate Dean for Academics, and the former Senior Associate Dean for Research. Prior to becoming the Radford Professor, Professor Steinberg taught at the University of Maryland School of Law, the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, the National Law Center of the George Washington University, and the Georgetown University Law Center. His experience includes appointments as a Visiting Professor, Scholar and Fellow at law schools outside of the United States, including at Universities in Argentina, Australia, China, England, Finland, Germany, Israel, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Scotland, South Africa, and Sweden. In addition, he has been retained as an expert witness in several significant matters, including Enron, Martha Stewart, Belnick (Tyco), and Mark Cuban. In addition to his University appointments, Professor Steinberg has lectured extensively both in the United States and abroad, including at the Lauterpacht Centre of International Law at the University of Cambridge, the Aresty Institute of Executive Education at the University of Pennsylvania, The American Bar Association's Annual Meeting, the PLI Annual Institute on Securities Regulation, the University of Texas Annual Securities Law Conference, the International Development Law Institute in Rome, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, the Taiwan "SEC" in Taipei, the New Zealand Securities Commission, the Australian Law Council Section on International Law in Melbourne, the David Hume Institute in Edinburgh, the German-American Lawyers' Association in Munich, the International Law Society of South Africa, the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange, the Finnish Banking Lawyers Association in Helsinki, the Swedish Banking Lawyers Association in Stockholm, and the Ministry of Internal Affairs, Economic Crimes Department of the Russian Federation in Moscow. He also has served as a member of the FINRA National Adjudicatory Council (NAC). Professor Steinberg received his undergraduate degree at the University of Michigan and his law degrees at the UCLA (J.D.) and Yale University (LL.M.). He clerked for Judge Stanley N. Barnes of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, extern clerked for Judge Anthony J. Celebrezze of the Sixth Circuit, was legislative counsel to U.S. Senator Robert P. Griffin and served as the adviser to former U.S. Supreme Court Justice Arthur J. Goldberg for the Federal Advisory Committee Report on Tender Offers. Professor Steinberg was an enforcement attorney at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and thereafter became special projects counsel. In that position, he directly assisted the SEC's General Counsel in a wide variety of projects and cases and served as the General Counsel's confidential legal adviser. Professor Steinberg has authored approximately 40 books and 150 law review articles, is editor-in-chief of The International Lawyer , editor-in-chief of The Securities Regulation Law Journal , and is an adviser to The Journal of Corporation Law . Professor Steinberg is a member of the American Law Institute. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 steinbergm@law.ucla.edu 
 Richard H. Steinberg Professor of Law Professor of Political Science B.A. Yale, 1982 J.D. Stanford, 1986 Ph.D. Stanford, 1992 UCLA Law faculty since 1996 Biography Bibliography Courses Richard Steinberg writes and teaches in the areas of international law and international relations, with a focus on international economic law, international criminal law, and human rights. He currently teaches International Trade Law , International Business Transactions , Contemporary Issues Facing the ICC, and Theories of International Law . Professor Steinberg is a Member of the Council on Foreign Relations, Counsellor to the American Society of International Law, a Member of United States Trade Representatives Trade and Environment Policy Advisory Committee, Chair of the International Trade Law Committee of the American Branch of the International Law Association, Director of Trade Policy Research at the Berkeley Roundtable on the International Economy (BRIE) at UC Berkeley, and Editor-in-Chief of the award-winning http://iccforum.com/ . He served on the Board of Editors of the American Journal of International Law (2004-2014) and on the Editorial Board of International Organization ( 2003-2012). He has taught law courses on six continents including at Stanford Law School, the University of California Berkeley (Boalt Hall) School of Law, Sciences Po (Institut dEtudes Politiques) in France, and the University of So Paulo in Brazil. Professor Steinberg has written over fifty articles on international law. Recent books include: International Trade Law (Edward Elgar Publishing, forthcoming 2019); The International Criminal Court: Contemporary Challenges (Brill/Nijhoff, forthcoming 2019); Contemporary Issues Facing the International Criminal Court (Brill/Nijhoff, 2016); Assessing the Legacy of the ICTY (Martinus Nijhoff, 2011; BCS translation, ICTY, 2011); International Institutions (co-edited) (SAGE, 2009); International Law and International Relations (co-edited) (Cambridge University Press, 2007); and The Evolution of the Trade Regime: Economics, Law, and Politics of the GATT/WTO (co-authored) (Princeton University Press, 2006; Chinese translation, Peking University Press, 2013). Prior to arriving at UCLA, Professor Steinberg worked as Assistant General Counsel to the United States Trade Representative in Washington, D.C., and later as an associate with Morrison & Foerster in San Francisco. He also served as Project Director at BRIE, was a Ford Foundation Fellow at Harvard (1988-89) and a MacArthur Foundation Fellow at Stanford (1987-88). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 267-2064 steinberg@law.ucla.edu 
 Robin G. Steinberg Gilbert Foundation Senior Fellow, Criminal Justice Program B.A. UC Berkeley, 1978 J.D. NYU School of Law, 1982 Biography Courses Robin Steinberg is a Gilbert Foundation Senior Fellow of the Criminal Justice Program at UCLA School of Law. She is the founder and former executive director of The Bronx Defenders, a nationally-recognized public defender office known for its pioneering work on holistic defense, a client-centered and community-based model of legal representation that seeks to address both the underlying causes and collateral impacts of criminal justice involvement. During her 20-year tenure, The Bronx Defenders grew from a team of 8 advocates to an interdisciplinary staff of over 300 serving more than 35,000 low-income New Yorkers annually. In 2016, Steinberg and a group of Bronx Defenders took the holistic defense model to Oklahoma, the state with the highest per capita number of incarcerated women, and launched Still She Rises, the first public defender office in the nation dedicated to the representation of mothers in the criminal justice system. In 2017, Steinberg launched The Bail Project, an unprecedented national effort to combat pre-trial incarceration. Modeled on the success of The Bronx Freedom Fund, a community bail fund started by Steinberg and David Feige in 2007 to support Bronx Defenders clients, the new initiative works in collaboration with public defender offices and local partners in high-need jurisdictions across the United States to pay bail for low-income people. As part of UCLAs partnership with The Bail Project, Steinberg will work with students and faculty on bail reform initiatives and research. Steinberg received her B.A. from UC Berkeley and J.D. from New York University School of Law. She has taught trial advocacy and other courses at Harvard, Columbia, Seton Hall and elsewhere. She has been recognized with the Impact Award by New York Law Journal , the Service of Justice Award by New York State Defenders Association, and Alumna of the Year by New York University School of Law among other notable achievements. Her publications have appeared in law reviews, policy journals and books, including the Hamishpat Law Review , Cardozo Law Review , NYU Review of Law & Social Change , Yale Law & Policy Review , and Harvard Journal of African-American Public Policy . Steinberg is a frequent commentator on criminal justice issues and has contributed opinion pieces to The New York Times , The Marshall Project , and USA Today . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 steinbergr@law.ucla.edu 
 Lara Stemple Assistant Dean for Graduate Studies and International Student Programs Director, Health and Human Rights Law Project B.A. Mills College, 1994 J.D. Harvard, 1999 UCLA Law faculty since 2005 Biography Bibliography Courses Lara Stemple is the Assistant Dean for Graduate Studies and International Student Programs at UCLA School of Law, where she oversees the law schools LL.M. (masters) and S.J.D. (doctoral) degree programs and directs the Health and Human Rights Law Project. Stemple teaches and writes in the areas of human rights, global health, gender, sexuality, and incarceration. Before joining UCLA, Stemple was the Executive Director of the human rights organization Just Detention International and was a Rockefeller Post Doctoral Fellow at Columbia Universitys Program on Sexuality, Gender, Health, and Human Rights. She also served as the Senior Advocacy Officer at the Pacific Institute for Womens Health. Before that, Stemple worked for the international program at the Center for Reproductive Rights in New York and was a Teaching Fellow at Harvard University. Stemple currently serves as co-Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the UC Global Health Institute and is a founding faculty member of its Center of Expertise on Womens Health and Empowerment. Stemple has drafted legislation that was signed into law, lobbied members of Congress and United Nations delegates, and testified before legislative bodies. Media commentary has included CNN, National Public Radio, Al Jazeera, the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , Slate , and The Atlantic . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 stemple@law.ucla.edu 
 Sandra Stern Lecturer in Law B.A. Brooklyn College of the City University of New York M.A. City University of New York Graduate Center J.D. UCLA Biography Courses Sandra Stern will teach Television Law at UCLA School of Law. She is currently President of the Lionsgate Television Group and was previously Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of Business Affairs. Stern co-runs the Television Group, including overseeing all business and legal affairs, production, finance and distribution for the TV studio, including strategic planning, both for acquisitions and programming in a multiplatform and multinational environment. Stern has been named Multichannel News Wonder Woman of the Year in 2017. She was also awarded the UCLA Law Alumnus of the Year in 2015 and received the Big Brothers Big Sisters Excellence in Mentoring Award in 2014. Shas been named one of the Women in Entertainment Power 100 by The Hollywood Reporter for the last 12 years, was honored with the Women Impact Award by Variety for the last four years, and received American Film Institute (AFI) awards in 2014 and 2015. Stern received her B.A. from Brooklyn College of the City University of New York, her M.A. in Comparative Literature from City University of New York Graduate Center, and her J.D. from UC;A School of Law. She is currently a board member of UCLA Law Womens LEAD, and the Ziffren Center for Media, Entertainment, Technology and Sports Law, as well as serving on the board of the Saban Community Clinic and the Center Theatre Group. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 sterns@law.ucla.edu 
 Katherine Stone Arjay and Frances Fearing Miller Distinguished Professor of Law B.A. Harvard, 1970 J.D. Harvard, 1979 UCLA Law faculty since 2004 Biography Bibliography Courses Professor Katherine Stone is a leading expert in labor and employment law in the United States. She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship Award in 2008 and a Russell Sage Fellowship for 2008-2009 for her work on the changing nature of employment and the regulatory implications. Her recent book, Rethinking Workplace Regulation: Beyond the Standard Contract Of Employment (Katherine V.W. Stone and Harry Arthurs) (Russell Sage Foundation, 2013) described changes in employment laws to address the changing nature of employment in ten industrial countries. Professor Stone has been a member of the faculty of the UCLA School of Law since 2004. Previously, she was Professor of Law at Cornell Law School and Anne Evans Estabrook Professor of Dispute Resolution at Cornell School of Industrial and Labor Relations. She has also taught at Yale Law School, Stanford Law School, the University of Chicago Law School, New York University Law School, and the Benjamin N. Cardozo Law School. Professor Stone received her B.A. magna cum laude from Harvard University and her J.D. cum laude from Harvard Law School. She practiced law at Cohen Weiss & Simon and at Rabinowitz Boudin Standard Krinsky & Lieberman in New York City. Professor Stone's 2004 book, From Widgets to Digits: Employment Regulation for the Changing Workplace (Cambridge University Press, 2004) won the 2005 Michael Harrington Award from the American Political Science Association for the outstanding book that best links scholarship to struggles for justice in the real world." The book was also the Finalist (Second Place) for the C. Wright Mills Award from the Society for the Study of Social Problems. Another book (with Benjamin Aaron, eds.), was published in the fall of 2007. Other books by Professor Stone include Globalization and Labor Standards Annotated Bibliography: An Essential Research Tool (Vanderplas Publishing, 2014); Arbitration Law (3rd ed. Foundation Press, 2009) and Private Justice: Alternative Dispute Resolution and the Law (Foundation Press, 2000). Other recent scholarship by Professor Stone includes: The Arbitration Epidemic: The Impact of the Evolving Law of Arbitration and Class Actions on Consumers and Employees, (with Alexander Colvin) (Economic Policy Institute, December, 2015); Green Shoots in the Labor Market: A Cornucopia of Social Experiments, 36 Comparative Labor Law and Policy Journal 293 (2015); Employment and Labor Regulation in Industrial Countries, in International Encyclopedia of the Social and Behavioral Sciences (2nd ed. Elsevier Ltd, UK 2015); A Right to Work in the United States: Historical Antecedents and Contemporary Possibilities, in The Right To Work: Legal And Philosophical Perspectives (Virginia Mantouvalou, Ed,) (Hart Publishing, 2014); Globalization and the Middle Class, in Global Governance: Critical Legal Perspectives (Grinne de Brca, Claire Kilpatrick & Joanne Scott, eds) (Hart Publishing, 2014); Procedure, Substance, and Power: Collective Litigation and Arbitration Under the Labor Law, 61 UCLA L. Rev. Discourses 164 (2013), available at http://www.uclalawreview.org ; The Decline in the Standard Employment Contract: A Review of the Evidence in Rethinking Workplace Regulation: Beyond the Standard Labor Contract of Employment 366 404 (Katherine V.W. Stone & Harry Arthurs, eds.) (Russell Sage Foundation Press, 2013); "A Labor Law for the Digital Era," 21 Employee Responsibilities and Rights Journal 145 (2009); and John R. Commons and the Origins of Legal Realism; or, the Other Tragedy of the Commons , in Transformations in American Legal History (D. Hamilton & A. Brophy, eds.) (Harvard University Press, 2009); "The Future of Labor and Employment Law in the United States," Encyclopedia of Labor and Employment Law and Economics (Elgar Publishing, Dau-Schmidt, et. al. eds., 2008); "A New Labor Law for a New World of Work: The Case for a Comparative-Transnational Approach," 28 Comparative Labor Law & Policy Journal 565 (2007); "Revisiting the At-Will Doctrine: Imposed Terms, Implied Terms, and the Normative World of the Workplace," 36 Industrial Law Journal 84 (2007); "Legal Protections for Workers in Atypical Employment Relationships," 27 Berkeley Journal of Employment and Labor Law 251 (Fall, 2006); and "Flexibilization, Globalization and Privatization: Three Challenges to Labor Rights in Our Time," 44 Osgoode Hall Law Journal 77-104 (2006). Professor Stone teaches courses in labor law, employment law, labor and social policy, contract law, and arbitration law. She lectures widely in the U.S. and overseas on topics in labor and employment law and the law of arbitration. She is an active participant in a number of organizations and committees, including the Labor Law Research Network (Executive Board), the Law and Society Association, the Society for the Advancement of Socio-Economics, and the International Society of Labor Law and Social Security (Executive Board). She has served on the United Nations Committee of Experts for its Decent Work Initiative. Professor Stone is a frequent contributor to The American Prospect magazine, the Huffington Post blog, PolicyShop, the Economic Policy Institute blog, and other on-line sites. She is the Founder and Editor of the Globalization and Labor Standards (GALS) Bibliographic Archive and Database, available at www.laborstandards.org , which includes abstracts of journal articles about international labor rights and global labor standards. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 stone@law.ucla.edu 
 Rebecca Stone Professor of Law B.A. University of Oxford, New College, 1999 M. Phil. University of Oxford, Nuffield College, 2001 D. Phil. University of Oxford, Nuffield College, 2004 J.D. New York University School of Law, 2009 UCLA Faculty Since 2013 Biography Bibliography Courses Rebecca Stone is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. Her research and teaching interests include law and economics, legal philosophy, contracts, and torts. She is particularly interested in the intersections between law, philosophy, and economics. She holds a J.D. from NYU School of Law, a B.A. in Politics, Philosophy and Economics from Oxford University and an M.Phil. and a D.Phil. in Economics also from Oxford University. Following law school, she clerked for Judge Richard Posner on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit and Justice Stephen Breyer on the U.S. Supreme Court. She also spent two years as a Furman Fellow at NYU School of Law. Prior to law school, she was a post-doctoral research fellow at the ESRC Center of Economic Learning and Social Evolution in the Department of Economics at University College London, and then an Assistant Professor in the Department of Economics at the University of Leicester. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Rebecca.stone@law.ucla.edu 
 Alexander Stremitzer Visiting Professor of Law, Senior Scholar in Residence B.Sc., Vienna University of Economics and Business Administration, 2000 M.I.M.(C.E.M.S.), HEC-Paris, 2000 Ph.D., Vienna University of Economics and Business Administration, 2003 J.D., University of Vienna, 2006 UCLA Law Faculty Since 2011 Biography Bibliography Courses Alexander Stremitzer is a Visiting Professor of Law from ETH Zurich and Senior Scholar in Residence. He was previously Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law. Before joining UCLA's faculty in 2011, Alexander Stremitzer was assistant professor of economics at the University of Bonn and visiting assistant professor at Yale Law School and in Yale Universitys economics department. He also spent extended research visits at NYU Law School, ETH Zurich and Columbia University's Center for Contracts and Economic Organization. His research and teaching interests include theoretical and experimental law and economics, contracts, business bankruptcy, and contract design. In addition to works in German, Professor Stremitzers recent scholarly work in English has been published in several journals including the Journal of Legal Studies, the Journal of Law, Economics, & Organization, the Jour nal of Law & Economics , the American Review of Law & Economics, Games & Economic Behavior, the Journal of Institutional and Theoretical Economics , and the Yale Law Journal . Professor Stremitzer earned a Masters degree in International Management at HEC-Paris in 2000, and in 2003, received a Ph.D., with distinction, in Business Economics from Vienna University of Economics and Business Administration. Professor Stremitzer earned a J.D. in 2006 from the University of Vienna. View Professor Stremitzer's CV : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 alexander.stremitzer@law.ucla.edu 
 Alexandra Lang Susman Adjunct Faculty A.B. Brown University, 1996 M.A. Stanford University, 2000 Ph.D. Stanford University, 2000 (ABD) J.D. University of Southern California, 2004 Biography Courses Alexandra Lang Susman will teach Law & Sexuality at UCLA School of Law. She previously served as counsel at the Williams Institute, where her work focused on sexual orientation and gender identity non-discrimination protections, state level recognition for same-sex couples, and other laws and policies impacting LGBT people. Susman has also conducted workshops and lectures and provided commentary to a variety of community groups, local businesses and organizations on LGBT rights and policies. Susman received her A.B. with Honors in Comparative Literature from Brown University, where she was awarded the Rosalie Colie Prize for Outstanding Scholarship for her Honors Thesis. She continued her studies of Comparative Literature at Stanford University as a doctoral candidate and lecturer. Susman received her J.D. from the University of Southern California, where she graduated Order of the Coif and served as Executive Articles Editor of the Southern California Law Review . After graduating, she served as a law clerk for the Honorable Raymond C. Fisher on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Previously, she was an associate at the Los Angeles law firm of Munger, Tolles & Olson, where her practice focused on complex civil litigation and internal investigations as well as pro bono LGBT rights litigation. Susmans scholarly work focuses on the intersection of LGBT rights and the First Amendment, LGBT rights in the spheres of public accommodations and employment, and the rights of LGBT youth. Susman is the author of No Strings Attached: An Analysis of the Eruv Under the Religion Clauses of the First Amendment and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act, 9 University of Maryland Law Journal of Race, Religion, Gender & Class 93-134 (2009). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 susman@law.ucla.edu 
 Brenda Suttonwills Assistant Director of Public Interest Counseling B.A. Drake University J.D. UCLA School of Law Biography Brenda Suttonwills is the Assistant Director of Public Interest Counseling at UCLA School of Law. Prior to joining UCLA School of Law, Brenda served as Staff Counsel with the California Teachers Association; practiced Labor and Employment Law, at Schwartz, Steinsapir, Dohrmann & Sommers and worked as a Civil Rights Fellow at Litt & Mrquez. Her previous community engagements include serving as a volunteer Supervising Attorney for the Public Counsel Cold and Wet Weather program, providing legal advice at night clinics in South Los Angeles homeless shelters; and assisting the NAACP Legal Defense Fund in preparing the motion for preliminary injunction in Thomas v County of Los Angeles. Brenda was the 2011-2012 Chair of the Los Angeles County Bar Associations Labor & Employment Section and Chair of the Los Angeles Hotel Diversity Taskforce. In 2011 Brenda received a Women in Action honor from the Los Angeles African American Womens Public Policy Institute (LAAAWPPI), awarded to note significant and profound community impact and mentoring. She has also served as LAAAWPII faculty. Currently, Brenda serves as a member of the California Medical Board and a Co-Chair of the ABA Labor and Employment Section Ethics & Professional Responsibility Committee. Brenda received a B.A. in Journalism and Mass Communications, and Minor in Business Management from Drake University; and JD from UCLA School of Law, where she received the Nancy Mintie award for public service. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 suttonwills@law.ucla.edu 
 Mark Tarango Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA, 1993 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1997 Biography Courses Mark Tarango co-teaches Corporate Practice Clinic . His research and teaching interests are primarily in business transactions and business law. He is currently a partner and co-founder of DTO Law located in Los Angeles. DTO Law is a boutique litigation and transactional law firm. Mr. Tarango most recently spent fourteen years at Toyota Motor Credit Corporation where as Managing Counsel he managed lawyers and paralegals and oversaw all legal aspects of the companys $16B commercial loan and equipment lease portfolios. Mr. Tarango also supported technology license/supplier agreements, company real property leases and consumer finance regulatory matters. Mr. Tarango has spent much of his in-house career focused on effectively implementing strategic initiatives across the modern-day corporation. Among his notable accomplishments, Mr. Tarango led a company-wide legal work-function realignment to shift low-cost repetitive legal operations work from the legal department into the business. The project resulted in $500,000 annual cost savings to the company. He also led the roll out of new loan documents, master service agreement modular contracts and smart-tool intake forms, leveraging various new legal technologies and process designs along the way. Mr. Tarango received his B.A. with Honors from UCLA, and his J.D. from UCLA School of Law. After law school, he was an associate with Baker & Hostetler LLP, and Morrison & Foerster, LLP where he practiced real estate law, hospitality law and finance. Mr. Tarango served on the Board of Advisors and other committee roles for the National Association of Minority & Women Owned Law Firms (NAMWOLF). He has also previously served as a volunteer with the Los Angeles Team Mentoring and Public Counsel programs. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 tarango@law.ucla.edu 
 Laurie Jane Taylor Lecturer in Law B.A. Wittenberg University, 1974 M.A. State University of New York at Binghamton, 1976 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1986 Biography Courses Laurie Taylor is a senior research attorney for Justice Anne Egerton of the California Court of Appeal, Second Appellate District. She received her B.A. from Wittenberg University, her M.A. in Comparative Literature (Spanish and Translation) from State University of New York at Binghamton, and her J.D. from UCLA School of Law. Prior to her work at the California Court of Appeal, Taylor clerked for the Honorable Robert Boochever of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and was a Litigation Associate at Caldwell Leslie & Proctor, PC. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 taylor@law.ucla.edu 
 Sherod Thaxton Professor of Law B.A. University of California, Davis, 1997 M.A. Emory University, 2000 J.D. University of Chicago Law School, 2008 Ph.D. Emory University, 2009 UCLA Faculty Since 2013 Biography Bibliography Courses Sherod Thaxton is Professor of Law at the UCLA School of Law. Prior to joining the law faculty, he was the Earl B. Dickerson Fellow and Lecturer in Law at the University of Chicago Law School and a staff attorney in the Capital Habeas Unit of the Office of the Federal Defender for the Eastern District of California. His primary research and teaching interests are in the areas of criminal law and procedure, capital punishment, habeas corpus, the sociology of law, and empirical legal studies. After receiving his undergraduate degree in political science from the University of California at Davis, Professor Thaxton enrolled in the sociology program at Emory University and studied under the direction of Robert Agnew. While pursuing his graduate studies, he was the principal investigator of the Death Penalty Tracking Project for the Office of the Multi-County Public Defender in Atlanta, Georgia. At Emory, he earned his masters and doctoral degreesspecializing in criminology and social psychologyand was selected as a finalist for the American Sociological Association Dissertation Award. Professor Thaxton received his law degree from the University of Chicago Law School where he was a John M. Olin Fellow in Law and Economics, an Academy of Achievement student honoree, and a Public Interest Law Prize recipient. He was also an editor of the University of Chicago Law Review and the University of Chicago Legal Forum the only member of his graduating class to serve on multiple journals. Prior to law school, he was a Soros Justice Postgraduate Fellow at the Open Society Institute of the Soros Foundation in New York, and a Law and Social Science Doctoral Fellow at the American Bar Foundation in Chicago. Professor Thaxtons scholarship incorporates theoretical and methodological insights from the social sciences to evaluate legal concepts, legal doctrines, legal actors, and legal institutions. He is currently engaged in projects examining charging and plea-bargaining in both death penalty and non-death penalty contexts, state-level procedural sentencing law, and the behavioral underpinnings of substantive criminal law and sentencing law. His recent scholarship appears in the Journal of Criminal Law & Criminology , the Journal of Criminal Justice , the European Journal of Criminology , and the Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 thaxton@law.ucla.edu 
 Anthony Tolbert Director of Learning Environment and Academic Affairs Adjunct Faculty B.A. UC Santa Barbara, 1982 J.D. Harvard, 1986 Biography Courses Anthony Tolbert teaches Street Law. Tolbert received his B.A. from UC Santa Barbara (1982) and his J.D. from Harvard University (1986). At Harvard, he served as a teaching assistant in Federal Litigation. Immediately following his graduation from Harvard Law School, Tolbert practiced at Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg & Phillips. He later held a number of in-house sports and entertainment positions. Tolbert is currently the Director of Learning Environment and Academic Affairs. He was formerly the Associate Director of Outreach at UCLA School of Law, where he assisted in the design and implementation of the Law Fellows Outreach Program and Summer Research Program, and represented the Law School in various recruiting forums. He also counseled prospective law students in the application process, as well as current students on matters relating to the practice of law, particularly in the sports and entertainment industries. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 tolbert@law.ucla.edu 
 Franita Tolson Visiting Professor B.A. Truman State University, 2001 J.D. University of Chicago Law School, 2005 Biography Courses Franita Tolson will teach Election Law at UCLA School of Law. She is currently Vice Dean for Faculty and Academic Affairs, and Professor of Law at USC Gould School of Law. Her scholarship and teaching focus on the areas of election law, constitutional law, legal history and employment discrimination. She has written on a wide range of topics including partisan gerrymandering, campaign finance reform, the Elections Clause, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments. Tolson received her B.A. from Truman State University, where she was awarded the Presidents Honorary Full Tuition Scholarship and was a Ronald E. McNair Scholar. She obtained her J.D. from University of Chicago Law School, where she was a member of the University of Chicago Law Review and won the Thomas Mulroy Prize for Oral Advocacy in the Hinton Moot Court Competition. She also clerked for the Honorable Ann Claire Williams of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit and the Honorable Ruben Castillo of the Northern District of Illinois. Tolsons publications have appeared in leading law reviews including Boston University Law Review , Vanderbilt Law Review , Alabama Law Review , Notre Dame Law Review , and University of Pennsylvania Law Review Online . She has written or appeared as a commentator for various mass media outlets including The Huffington Post , The Hill , Reuters , and Bloomberg Law . Her forthcoming book, In Congress We Trust?: The Evolution of Federal Voting Rights Enforcement from the Founding to the Present , will be published in 2020 by Cambridge University Press. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 tolson@law.ucla.edu 
 James M. Toma Lecturer in Law A.B. Yale University, 1992 M.P.P. UC Berkeley, 1995 J.D. UC Berkeley, 2001 Biography Courses James Toma will teach a Government Externship seminar as part of UCLA School of Laws part-time externship program. He is currently Supervising Deputy Attorney General for the Charitable Trusts Section for the California Department of Justice where he investigates and litigates on behalf of the People of State of California against individuals, public benefit corporations, and businesses engaged in charitable solicitation fraud and other violations of charitable trust law. He was previously a council member and Mayor for the city of West Covina. Toma received his B.A. with distinction from Yale University, his M.P.P from UC Berkeley Graduate School of Public Policy, and his J.D. from UC Berkeley School of Law where he won the McBaine Honors Moot Court Award for Best Oral Argument. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 toma@law.ucla.edu 
 Gregory Townsend Lecturer in Law B.A. UCLA, 1988 M.A.L.D. Fletcher School, Tufts University, 1992 D.E.S. IUHEI, Universit de Genve, 1993 J.D. Loyola Law School, 1996 Biography Gregory Townsend will teach UCLA Law in The Hague , an externship program in The Hague, the Netherlands. A practitioner with 20 years experience in international criminal law, Townsend is currently a Lecturer at The Hague University of Applied Sciences, and Professor of Practice at Brandeis University, based in The Hague. He also serves on the International Criminal Courts Advisory Committee on Legal Texts. He was previously Chief of the Court Support Section and Senior Legal Officer for the UN International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals (IRMCT) and UN International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY). He also served as Senior Legal Officer for the Special Tribunal for Lebanon, and Special Court for Sierra Leone. He was also a Trial Attorney for the UN International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, and for the UN Interim Administration in Kosovo. Townsend received his B.A. from UCLA, his M.A. from the Fletcher School of Law & Diplomacy at Tufts University, his D.E.S. from IUHEI, Universit de Genve, and his J.D. from Loyola Law School where he was Editor-in-Chief of the Loyola Los Angeles International & Comparative Law Review . Townsends publications include a book chapter in International Prosecutors (Oxford University Press, 2012) and his articles have appeared in the Loyola Los Angeles International Law Review , Hague Justice Journal , American Society International Law Insight , and International Criminal Law Review among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 townsend@law.ucla.edu 
 Phillip R. Trimble Professor of Law Emeritus A.B. Ohio University, 1958 M.A. International Law and Diplomacy, The Fletcher School, Tufts University, 1959 University of Rangoon, Burma (Fulbright Scholar), 195960 LL.B. Harvard, 1963 UCLA Law faculty since 1981 Biography Phillip R. Trimble was a Professor of Law at the University of California, Los Angeles from 1981 through 2001. From July 1999 to January 2001 he served as the UCLA Vice-Provost for International Studies and Overseas Programs, based in the College of Letters and Science. In the 1960s Professor Trimble practiced tax and corporate finance law at Cravath, Swaine and Moore. His subsequent government career included service on the staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee under Senator Fulbright (1971-72); Assistant Legal Adviser for Economic and Business Affairs in the Department of State in the Nixon, Ford and Carter Administrations (1973-78); Counsel to the Mayor and then Deputy Mayor of New York City under Ed Koch (1979-80); and American Ambassador to Nepal at the end of the Carter Administration. He was a Visiting Professor of Law at the Stanford Law School (1988-89) and at the University of Michigan Law School (1995-96). In his avocation as a mountaineer Professor Trimble climbed on five continents, including expeditions to New Guinea, India, Pakistan, Bhutan, and both Polar Regions. In 1976 he led the successful American Expedition to Mt. Everest. Before law school he spent a year as a Fulbright scholar in Burma. In the 90s he collected contemporary music for Afro Pop Worldwide during a trip to east and central Africa, and was assistant director of two music theatre works in the Netherlands. He is the author of a book on United States Foreign Relations Law (2002) and (with Barry Carter) of an International Law casebook (3rd.ed 1999). Other publications have appeared in the Harvard , Stanford , Columbia , Michigan , Pennsylvania , Northwestern , Iowa , St. Louis , and UCLA Law Reviews , the Tax Law Review , and numerous international law journals. He's also published in the American Alpine Journal , the Himalayan Journal , and Birding magazine. Professor Trimble now lives with his wife, Valeria Vasilevski, in New York City and Vermont. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 
 Leo Trujillo-Cox Executive Director of Academic Outreach & Development Associate Director of Admissions & Recruitment Instructor, Law Fellows Program B.A. Ethnic Studies, UC Berkeley, 1991 B.A. Political Science, UC Berkeley, 1991 J.D. UCLA, 1997 Biography Leo Trujillo-Cox is Executive Director of Academic Outreach & Development and Associate Director of Admissions for UCLA School of Law. He began his tenure at UCLA Law in 1997, after earning B.A. degrees in political science and ethnic studies from the University of California at Berkeley and a J. D. from the University of California at Los Angeles. Mr. Trujillo-Coxs commitment to ensuring academic equity, educational access, and excellence in legal education led him to found the Academic Outreach Resource Center at UCLA Law. The center seeks to produce graduates who will be at the forefront of leadership, capable of working across social lines, and able to further meaningful democratic values in an increasingly complex and multi-cultural world. The center focuses on aggressively and imaginatively engaging in a wide variety of outreach initiatives designed to encourage students from diverse backgrounds to apply to and attend law school. Best known for its groundbreaking Law Fellows Program , the center is a leader in addressing law school pipeline issues. Now in its 17th year, the Law Fellows Program is nationally recognized as one of the most comprehensive and innovative pipeline-building initiatives in legal education. With Mr. Trujillo-Cox as program instructor, Law Fellows engages high-potential undergraduates and recent graduates from diverse backgrounds in academic and career programming designed to increase their competitiveness for admission to law school, demystify legal education, and facilitate entry into the profession. Close to 1,400 students from dozens of undergraduate institutions are participating in this multi-year program. To date, almost 600 Fellows have either completed law school or are currently enrolled at more than 60 law schools across the country. Over 300 Fellows have or are attending California law schools. Law Fellows have received positions with many prestigious organizations across the country. Scores of other Fellows have gone on to succeed in an impressive array of academic and career endeavors. In just this past year, the program was chosen by the Mexican American Bar Association to receive the Justice Cruz Reynoso Community Service Award, and received the America Bar Associations Alexander Award. In addition to these honors, this year the program had expanded to California's Central Valley and Mr. Trujillo-Cox was awarded the Trailblazer Award by For People of Color, Inc. Mr. Trujillo-Cox has served the Law School Admission Council as a member of the Minority Affairs Subcommittee on New Initiatives, the Pipeline Models Conference Planning Committee, the Diversity Committee, and as Chair of the Latino Issues Subcommittee. In 2001 and again in 2014, the UCLA La Raza Student Association named him Alumnus of the Year. He has also served as a founding board member of a Los Angeles public charter school which educates K8 students through an arts and music based curriculum, emphasizing academic excellence, diversity, and ecological and social responsibility. He served as Vice President of the Board of Trustees for five years. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 trujillo@law.ucla.edu 
 Rebecca Tsosie Visiting Professor B.A. UCLA, 1987 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1990 Biography Courses Rebecca Tsosie is a Visiting Professor at UCLA School of Law. She is a Regents Professor at the James E. Rogers College of Law at the University of Arizona and also serves as Special Advisor to the Provost for Diversity and Inclusion. Professor Tsosie, who is of Yaqui descent, is a faculty member for the Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program at the University of Arizona, and she is widely known for her work in the fields of Federal Indian law and indigenous peoples human rights. Prior to joining the U of A faculty, Professor Tsosie was a Regents Professor and Vice Provost for Inclusion and Community Engagement at Arizona State University. Professor Tsosie was the first faculty Executive Director for ASUs Indian Legal Program and served in that position for 15 years. Professor Tsosie serves as a Supreme Court Justice for the Fort McDowell Yavapai Nation and as an Associate Judge on the San Carlos Tribal Court of Appeals. Professor Tsosie received her B.A. and J.D. at UCLA and was awarded the Presidents Postdoctoral Fellowship at UCLA. After law school, she clerked for the Honorable Stanley G. Feldman, Vice Chief Justice of the Arizona Supreme Court in Phoenix, Arizona. Professor Tsosie has published widely on sovereignty, self-determination, cultural pluralism, environmental policy and cultural rights. Her publications have appeared in UCLA Law Review , Texas Law Review , Santa Clara Journal of International Law , and Washington Law Review among others. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 tsosie@law.ucla.edu 
 Lauren van Schilfgaarde San Manuel Band of Mission Indians Tribal Legal Development Clinic Director B.A. Colorado College, 2008 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2012 Biography Courses Lauren van Schilfgaarde is the San Manuel Band of Mission Indians Tribal Legal Development Clinic Director at UCLA School of Law. She was previously the Tribal Law Specialist at the Tribal Law and Policy Institute (TLPI) in West Hollywood, CA. At TLPI, van Schilfgaarde coordinated training and technical assistance to tribal courts, focusing on Tribal Healing to Wellness Courts, tribal court infrastructure, and federal Indian law. Previously, van Schilfgaarde was a law clerk at Native American Rights Fund and Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles. She was also a Public Interest Fellow at American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado. van Schilfgaarde received her B.A. from Colorado College and her J.D. from UCLA School of Law. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 vanschilfgaarde@law.ucla.edu 
 Jonathan D. Varat Professor of Law Emeritus Dean Emeritus B.A. University of Pennsylvania, 1967 J.D. University of Pennsylvania, 1972 UCLA Law faculty since 1976 Biography Bibliography Courses Jonathan Varat has taught Constitutional Law I & II, Federal Courts , and Separation of Powers . Currently, the Chancellor has recalled him to serve as Chief Liaison between UCLA and the Greater Los Angeles Veterans Administration. He was awarded the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching in 1990. He served twice as Associate Dean of the law school and as its Dean from 1998 2003. Professor Varat is co-author of a major constitutional law casebook, Constitutional Law: Cases and Materials (with Amar, 2017), and is an expert on federal courts. His scholarship focuses particularly on constitutional federalism and freedom of speech. Professor Varat was schooled in Philadelphia and spent a two-year stint in the U.S. Army between his second and third years of law school in a variety of less-than-desirable locations. Thereafter, he clerked for Judge Walter Mansfield of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and Justice Byron White of the U.S. Supreme Court. He then practiced as a litigator for two years with O'Melveny & Myers before joining the law faculty. Among his nonacademic interests is long-distance running. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 varat@law.ucla.edu 
 John Villasenor Professor of Electrical Engineering, Law, Public Policy, and Management B.S. University of Virginia, 1985 M.S. Stanford University, 1986 Ph.D. Stanford University, 1989 Biography Courses John Villasenor is a professor of electrical engineering, law, public policy, and management at UCLA and a nonresident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. He is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and an affiliate at the Center for International Security and Cooperation (CISAC) at Stanford. Professor Villasenors work addresses the intersection of technology, policy, law and business, with a focus on topics including digital communications, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, and privacy. He has published in the Atlantic , Billboard , the Chronicle of Higher Education , Fast Company , Forbes , the Los Angeles Times , the New York Times , Scientific American , Slate , the Washington Post and many academic journals. He has also provided congressional testimony on multiple occasions. Prior to joining the faculty at UCLA, Professor Villasenor was with the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, where he developed methods of imaging the earth from space. He holds a B.S. degree from the University of Virginia, and an M.S. and Ph.D. from Stanford University. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 villa@ee.ucla.edu 
 Alicia Virani Associate Director, Criminal Justice Program B.A. Vassar College, 2005 M.A. UCLA, 2011 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 2011 Biography Courses Alicia Virani is the Associate Director of the Criminal Justice Program at UCLA School of Law. She was previously a Deputy Public Defender in the Orange County Public Defenders Office for three years where she represented indigent clients in criminal matters and parents navigating the dependency system. Virani earned her B.A. from Vassar College, and a joint J.D. from UCLA School of Law and M.A. in Urban Planning from UCLA. Virani is a graduate of both the Critical Race Studies Program and the David J. Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy of the Law School. Following graduation, Virani served as an Equal Justice Works Fellow and staff attorney at the California Conference for Equality and Justice where she handled juvenile justice matters and created and directed a Restorative Justice Community Conferencing program that diverts 100 youth out of the juvenile justice system each year. She also led a citywide Juvenile Justice Working Group in the city of Long Beach, and engaged in statewide legislative advocacy for policies that reduce racial disparities in the educational and juvenile justice system. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 virani@law.ucla.edu 
 Eugene Volokh Gary T. Schwartz Distinguished Professor of Law B.S. UCLA, 1983 J.D. UCLA, 1992 UCLA Law faculty since 1994 Biography Bibliography Courses Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, tort law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, and a First Amendment amicus brief clinic at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy. Before coming to UCLA, he clerked for Justice Sandra Day O'Connor on the U.S. Supreme Court and for Judge Alex Kozinski on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Volokh is the author of the textbooks The First Amendment and Related Statutes (5th ed. 2013), The Religion Clauses and Related Statutes (2005), and Academic Legal Writing (4th ed. 2010), as well as over 75 law review articles and over 80 op-eds, listed below. He is a member of The American Law Institute , a member of the American Heritage Dictionary Usage Panel, and the founder and coauthor of The Volokh Conspiracy , a Weblog that gets about 35-40,000 pageviews per weekday. He is among the five most cited then-under-45 faculty members listed in the Top 25 Law Faculties in Scholarly Impact , 2005-2009 study, and among the forty most cited faculty members on that list without regard to age. These citation counts refer to citations in law review articles, but his works have also been cited by courts. Six of his law review articles have been cited by opinions of the Supreme Court Justices; twenty-nine of his works (mostly articles but also a textbook, an op-ed, and a blog post) have been cited by federal circuit courts; and several others have been cited by district courts or state courts. Volokh is also an Academic Affiliate for the Mayer Brown LLP law firm; he generally consults on other lawyers' cases, but he has argued before the Seventh Circuit, the Ninth Circuit, the Indiana Supreme Court, and the Nebraska Supreme Court, and has also filed briefs in the U.S. Supreme Court, in the Fifth, Sixth, Eighth, Eleventh, and D.C. Circuits, and state appellate courts in California, Michigan, New Mexico, and Texas. Volokh worked for 12 years as a computer programmer. He graduated from UCLA with a B.S. in math-computer science at age 15, and has written many articles on computer software. Volokh was born in the USSR; his family emigrated to the U.S. when he was seven years old. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 206-3926 volokh@law.ucla.edu Related Information The Volokh Conspiracy 
 Alex Wang Professor of Law B.S. Duke University, 1993 J.D. New York University School of Law, 2000 UCLA Law Faculty Since 2013 Biography Bibliography Courses Alex Wang is Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, and a leading expert on environmental law and the law and politics of China. His research focuses on the social effects of law, and the interaction of law and institutions in China and the United States. His previous research has examined, among other things, the institutional design of environmental law and policy, environmental bureaucracy, public interest litigation, information disclosure, and environmental courts. His work has addressed air pollution, climate change, and other environmental issues. His article, "Explaining Environmental Information Disclosure in China," 44 Ecology Law Quarterly 865 (2018), was selected for presentation at the 2017 Harvard/Yale/Stanford Junior Faculty Forum. Other representative works include: "The Search for Sustainable Legitimacy: Environmental Law and Bureaucracy in China," 37 Harvard Environmental Law Review 365 (2013) and the forthcoming article "Symbolic Legitimation and Environmental Reform in China," 48 Environmental Law __ (2018). At UCLA, he teaches courses in torts, Chinese law, and environmental law. He has been a visiting assistant professor at UC Berkeley School of Law. Prior to 2011, Wang was a senior attorney for the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) based in Beijing and the founding director of NRDC's China Environmental Law & Governance Project. In this capacity, he worked with China's government agencies, legal community, and environmental groups to improve environmental rule of law and strengthen the role of the public in environmental protection. He helped to establish NRDC's Beijing office in 2006. He was a Fulbright Fellow to China from 2004-05. Prior to that, Mr. Wang was an attorney at the law firm of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP in New York City, where he worked on mergers & acquisitions, securities matters, and pro bono Endangered Species Act litigation. Wang holds a J.D. from NYU School of Law and earned his B.S. in Biology with distinction from Duke University. He is a member and former fellow (2008-10) of the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations, as well as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Advisory Board to the Asia Societys Center on U.S.-China Relations. He is a regular speaker on issues related to China and environmental protection. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Alex.wang@law.ucla.edu 
 Karin H. Wang Executive Director, David J. Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy B.S. University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, 1992 J.D. UC Berkeley, 1995 Biography Bibliography Courses Karin Wang is Executive Director of the David J. Epstein Program in Public Interest Law and Policy at UCLA School of Law, a unique specialization that trains and mentors the next generation of public interest lawyers. Prior to joining UCLA, Wang advocated for civil rights and immigrant rights for more than 20 years. She was the long-time Vice President of Programs and Communications at Asian Americans Advancing Justice Los Angeles, where she oversaw its litigation, legal services, policy advocacy, pro bono, and communications strategies. Prior to that role, Wang directed Advancing Justice-LAs immigrant rights project, helping secure public benefits for low-income and limited English speaking immigrants. She was also the Deputy Regional Manager for the civil rights office of the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, launching its Los Angeles field office and enforcing federal civil rights laws across the southwestern U.S. and the Pacific region. Immediately after law school, Wang was a litigation associate at Morrison & Foerster LLP in San Francisco, where she worked on hate crimes and public benefits pro bono cases. Wang has served on or chaired the boards of numerous legal community organizations, including the Asian Pacific American Bar Association of Los Angeles County (APABA), OneJustice, State Bar's Standing Committee on the Delivery of Legal Services, and State Bar's Council on Access & Fairness. She also co-chaired the Pro Bono & Community Service Committee of the National Asian Pacific American Bar Association (NAPABA). For her activism and leadership, Wang was honored with the "Asian American Alumni of the Year" award from the University of Illinois and the Dale Minami Alumni Award (Berkeley Law), and has been recognized by community organizations and elected officials, including API Equality-LA, Asian Pacific American Women Lawyers Alliance (APAWLA), KCET, Lambda Legal, and Taiwanese American Citizens League (TACL). NAPABA also named her as one of its "Best Lawyers Under 40. She has written and interviewed with media such as New York Times and Los Angeles Times on issues affecting Asian American, immigrant, and LGBTQ communities, with articles published in Berkeley Laws Asian American Law Journal , UCLA Laws Asian Pacific American Law Journal , and New York University Laws N.Y.U. Review of Law & Social Change . Her essay on organizing Asian American communities in defense of marriage equality was included in the book Love Unites Us . Wang earned her B.S. in finance summa cum laude from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, and her J.D. from UC Berkeley School of Law. At Berkeley Law, she was Editor-in-Chief of the Asian American Law Journal and a student member of the admissions committee. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 wangk@law.ucla.edu 
 Wilbert H. Watts Co-Director, Veterans Legal Clinic A.B. Georgetown University, 1996 J.D. Harvard Law School, 1999 Biography Courses Wilbert (Will) Watts is the Co-Director of UCLAs Veterans Legal Clinic which provides assistance primarily to veterans, their caregivers and families who access services at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles campus. His teaching includes the Veterans Justice Clinic and Introduction to the Lawyer-Client Relationship . Watts joined UCLA from Public Counsel where he served as the Directing Attorney for the Homelessness Prevention Law Project. In this role, he sought to address the needs of both veterans and non-veterans throughout the City and County of Los Angeles who are homeless or at high risk of becoming homeless. Among other things, Watts was responsible for the project's state and local policy work, its government benefits work, and the project's housing work, including the firm's participation in the Shriver Housing Project, a California pilot project providing low-income litigants with representation in eviction matters. Prior to joining Public Counsel, Watts was a partner at DLA Piper LLP where he practiced in all areas of real estate representing major financial institutions, investment funds, developers of major projects throughout Southern California, and insurance companies. His numerous board and civic activities include serving as a Los Angeles County Commissioner on behalf of Supervisor Mark Ridley Thomas and as a board member of the agency responsible for planning and overseeing the allocation of U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development funding to address the needs of homeless individuals and those at risk of homelessness in Pasadena. In addition, he has been named a Southern California Rising Star by Super Lawyers magazine and, in 2010, was honored with one of the National LGBT Bar Association's inaugural 40 Best LGBT Lawyers Under 40 awards. Watts earned his A.B. in English and Psychology magna cum laude from Georgetown University and his J.D. from Harvard Law School. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 watts@law.ucla.edu 
 Joseph Weiler Visiting Professor B.A. University of Sussex LL.B. Cambridge University LL.M. Cambridge University Diploma in International Law, Hague Academy of International Law, The Netherlands Ph.D. European University Institute Biography Courses Joseph Weiler teaches Hard Cases at UCLA School of Law. He is currently University Professor as well as holder of the European Union Jean Monnet Chair at New York University School of Law and Co-Director of the Jean Monnet Center for International and Regional Economic Law & Justice. Weiler is also President of European University Institute (EUI), Florence, Italy. Weiler is Professor at the National University of Singapore; Honorary Professor at University College, London; Honorary Professor at the Department of Political Science, University of Copenhagen; and Co-Director of the Academy of International Trade Law in Macao, China. Weiler is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts. He earned his B.A. from Sussex, his LL.B. and LL.M. degree from Cambridge; and his Diploma of International Law from The Hague Academy of International Law. He earned his Ph.D. in European Law at the EUI, Florence. He is recipient of Doctorates Honoris Causa from London University, from Sussex University, from the University of Macerata, Italy and from the University of Edinburgh and is Honorary Member of the Senate of the University of Ljubljana. From 1978 to 1985, Weiler was a member of the Department of Law at the European University Institute, Florence, and co-founded its Academy of European Law in 1989. He later served as Professor of Law at the University of Michigan Law School (1985-1992) and as Manley Hudson Professor and Jean Monnet Chair at Harvard Law School (1992-2001). Weiler served as a member of the Committee of Jurists of the Institutional Affairs Committee of the European Parliament, co-drafting the European Parliament's Declaration of Human Rights and Freedoms and Parliament's input to the Maastricht Inter-intergovernmental Conference. He is a WTO and NAFTA Panelist, and a founding editor of the European Journal of International Law , the European Law Journal , and the World Trade Review . Weiler is author of articles and books in the fields of international, comparative, and European law. His publications include: UnEuropa Cristiana (Rizzoli, 2003 - translations into German, Polish, Spanish, Portuguese, Slovenian, French, Hungarian, Dutch); European Constitutionalism Beyond the State , edited with Marlene Wind, (Cambridge Univ. Press, 2003); Integration in an Expanding European Union: Reassessing the Fundamentals , edited with Ian Begg and John Peterson, (Blackwell Publishing, 2003); Constitution of Europe - do the New Clothes have an Emperor? (Cambridge Univ. Press, 1998 - translations into Spanish, Italian, German, Slovenian, Japanese, Chinese, Greek, Serbian, Portuguese, Romanian in print or in preparation); The EU, the WTO, and the NAFTA: Towards a Common Law of International Trade? (Academy of European Law, EUI, Florence/Oxford Univ. Press, 2000); The European Court of Justice , edited with Grainne de Burca, (Oxford Univ. Press, 2001) and a novella, Der Fall Steinmann (Piper 2000). Weiler's research focus is on issues of European integration, globalization and democracy. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 weiler@law.ucla.edu 
 Neil J Wertlieb Lecturer in Law B.S. Berkeley, 1980 J.D. Berkeley, 1984 Biography Bibliography Courses Neil J Wertlieb teaches Life Cycle of a Business: Transaction Skills . Mr. Wertlieb is an experienced transactional lawyer who provides expert witness services in litigation and arbitration matters. He has served as an expert witness in dozens of litigated disputes, relating primarily to either business transactions, corporate governance and fiduciary duties, or attorney ethics and attorney standard of care. As principal of Wertlieb Law Corp, Mr. Wertlieb is also available as a mediator for business disputes and for board of director appointments. Mr. Wertlieb has practiced transactional law for over three decades, most recently as a Partner at the law firm of Milbank LLP (formerly known as Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP), where his practice focused primarily on acquisitions, securities offerings and restructurings. He has represented clients in a wide variety of business matters, including formation and early round financings, mergers and acquisitions, initial public offerings, international securities offerings and other international transactions, fund formations, joint ventures, partnerships and limited liability companies, reorganizations and restructurings, independent investigations and general corporate and contractual matters. Mr. Wertlieb is a former Chair of both the California State Bars Business Law Section and its Corporations Committee. He is the general editor of the legal treatise Ballantine & Sterling: California Corporation Laws . He has been recognized in The Legal 500 for his M&A work and was recognized as one of the top 100 most influential lawyers in California ( California Law Business , October 30, 2000). In addition, Mr. Wertlieb is a former Chair of the Ethics Committees of the California State Bar and the Los Angeles County Bar Association, and is a Founding Member and Co-Chair of the Ethics Committee of the California Lawyers Association. He also serves as Senior Advisor, Milbank@Harvard, at the Harvard Law School Executive Education, and served as a Judicial Extern for Justice Stanley Mosk on the California Supreme Court (1983). Mr. Wertlieb received his law degree in 1984 from the UC Berkeley School of Law, and his undergraduate degree in Management Science from the School of Business Administration also at the University of California at Berkeley. He is admitted to practice in California, New York and Washington, D.C. For more information, please refer to Neil Wertlieb's profile on his firm's website: www.WertliebLaw.com . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 Office: (424) 265-9659 wertlieb@law.ucla.edu 
 Sarah Wetzstein Lecturer in Law B.S. Cornell University, 1998 J.D. University of Pennsylvania Law School, 2001 Biography Courses Sarah Wetzstein teaches Legal Research and Writing at UCLA School of Law. Prior to joining UCLA, she was an attorney at Hope4Families, a special education law firm, where she represented special needs students from low-income families in connection with their educational rights. She spent the first eight years of her career as a litigator at Gibson, Dunn, & Crutcher LLP. Ms. Wetzstein earned her B.S. from Cornell University, and her J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School where she served as a senior editor of the University of Pennsylvania Law Review . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 wetzstein@law.ucla.edu 
 Andrew R. Whitcup Lecturer in Law B.A. New York University, 2002 J.D. Northwestern University School of Law, 2006 Biography Courses Andrew Whitcup is a Lecturer in Law and teaches Legal Research and Writing at UCLA School of Law. Previously, he was a Staff Attorney at The Legal Aid Society in New York where he represented clients from arraignment to trial in Manhattan and The Bronx. Whitcup received his B.A. in Sociology cum laude from New York University, and his J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law where he Participated in the Bluhm Legal Clinic and the Bartlit Trial Team. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 
 Bianca D.M. Wilson Rabbi Barbara Zacky Senior Scholar of Public Policy, Williams Institute B.A. Clark Atlanta University, 1997 M.A. University of Illinois at Chicago, 2000 Ph.D. University of Illinois at Chicago, 2005 Biography Bianca D.M. Wilson is a Rabbi Barbara Zacky Senior Scholar of Public Policy of the Williams Institute at UCLA School of Law. She is also an Affiliate Faculty member of the California Center for Population research at UCLA. She was previously Associate Professor in the Department of Psychology at California State University, Long Beach. Her research focuses on the relationships between culture, oppression, and health, with an emphasis on racial, sexual and gender minorities. Her current empirical work examines LGBT economic instabilities and the experiences of LGBT foster youth, homeless youth, and youth in juvenile custody, with a focus on sampling, data collection, and assessing disproportionality in these systems. Dr. Wilson earned a Ph.D. in Psychology from the Community and Prevention Research program at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) with a minor in Statistics, Methods, and Measurement, and received postdoctoral training at the UCSF Institute for Health Policy Studies and the UCSF Lesbian Health and Research Center through an Agency for Health Research and Quality (AHRQ) postdoctoral fellowship. In addition to several peer reviewed publications representing over twenty years of work in HIV prevention among gay and bisexual male youth, her empirical and theoretical work on health issues among marginalized womens communities have been included in the International Handbook on Sexuality, Health, and Rights (P. Aggleton & R. Parker, Eds., 2010), the Fat Studies Reader (E. Rothblum & S. Solovay, 2009), and the Handbook of Psychology and Sexual Orientation (Patterson & DAugelli, 2012). Further, she co-edited a special issue of the Journal of Lesbian Studies that featured a multidisciplinary collection of work on health and other topics from the perspectives of Black Lesbians in the U.S., Caribbean, and South Africa. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 wilsonb@law.ucla.edu 
 Adam Winkler Professor of Law B.S.F.S Georgetown University School of Foreign Service, 1990 J.D. New York University, 1993 M.A. UCLA (Political Science), 1998 Twitter: @adamwinkler UCLA Faculty since 2002 Biography Bibliography Courses Professor Adam Winkler is a specialist in American constitutional law, the Supreme Court, and gun policy. His book We the Corporations: How American Businesses Won Their Civil Rights (2018), was a finalist for the National Book Award, the National Book Critics Circle Award, the American Bar Association's Legal Gavel Award, the California Book Award, and received the Scribes Award. He is also the author of Gunfight: The Battle over the Right to Bear Arms in America (2011), which won no awards but was the subject of a question on the popular game show Jeopardy! . His scholarship has been cited in landmark Supreme Court cases on the First and Second Amendments, and he is one of the twenty most cited law professors in judicial opinions today. His popular writing has appeared in the New York Times , New York Review of Books , Wall Street Journal , Washington Post , Los Angeles Times , New Republic , Atlantic , Slate , Scotusblog , and Daily Beast . He is a frequent commentator about legal issues and has appeared on Face the Nation , CNN , NBC Nightly News , C-SPAN , Newshour , ABC News , All Things Considered , Morning Edition , and Marketplace . He also served as co-editor of the Encyclopedia of the American Constitution (2d Edition). The son of Academy Award-winning filmmaker Irwin Winkler, Adam was born and raised in Los Angeles. He is a graduate of the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University and New York University School of Law, which honored him with the Legal Teaching Award for outstanding alumni in legal academia. He also earned a masters degree in political science (American Political Development) from UCLA under Professor Karen Orren. He clerked for David Thompson of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and practiced law at Katten Muchin in Los Angeles, where he was on a litigation team that represented the late Michael Jackson in a highly publicized child-molestation case. This was more than enough to convince him to return to the ivory tower. Prior to joining the UCLA faculty in 2002, Adam was the John M. Olin Fellow at the University of Southern California Law Schools Center in Law, Economics and Organization. He serves on the board of directors of the Brennan Center for Justice and the American Constitution Society. About We the Corporations , Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer said, "It's a good book." And according to Vox.com, "It is deeply shocking that We the Corporations is not boring." See a synopsis, reviews and upcoming events for We the Corporations . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 463-2447 winkler@law.ucla.edu 
 Diana R. H. Winters Assistant Director of the Resnick Center for Food Law and Policy B.A., Brown University M.A. (History), Harvard University Ph.D. (American Studies), Harvard University J.D., New York University Biography Courses Diana R. H. Winters is the Assistant Director at the Resnick Center for Food Law & Policy at UCLA School of Law. Her research interest lies in food law and she writes about the interaction between federal and local law and the judicial review of regulation. Before she moved to Los Angeles with her family in 2016, Winters was an Associate Professor at Indiana University McKinney School of Law. Prior to that she was the Health Law Scholar Visiting Assistant Professor at Boston University School of Law and an Assistant Solicitor General at the New York Attorney Generals Office. Winters holds a J.D. from New York University, a Ph.D. in American Studies for Harvard University, an M.A. in History from Harvard, and a B.A. from Brown University. Winters has authored numerous articles and contributes to several blogs, including the Health Affairs blog. Her most recent work includes Retooling American Foodralism, with Laurie J. Beyranevand, American Journal of Law and Medicine ; Restoring the Primary Jurisdiction Doctrine, Ohio State Law Journal ; Food Law at the Outset of the Trump Administration, UCLA Law Review Discourse 28; and The Decentralization of Food Policy and Building a Stronger Food System , Law and Policy for a New Economy (Ed. Melissa Scanlan), Edward Elgar Publishing Ltd. (book chapter). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 winters@law.ucla.edu 
 Pavel Wonsowicz Lecturer in Law Director, Academic Support Program B.A. Yale, 1988 J.D. Boston University, 1992 UCLA Law faculty since 2008 Biography Courses Pavel Wonsowiczs teaching methods have been highlighted in both The Chronicle of Higher Education and The Wall Street Journal . He has won the Professor of the Year award at three law schools (UCLA, UNLV, and Vermont Law School) as well as the Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching at UCLA School of Law. In recognition of his unique approach to teaching and positive impact on his students, he was awarded UCLAs Distinguished Teaching Award, the highest teaching honor at the university. Professor Wonsowicz is the Director of UCLA School of Laws Academic Support Program and teaches Evidence and Constitutional Law I . Through a comprehensive network of presentations, tutorials, and workshops designed to stimulate learning and amplify the classroom experience, the Academic Support Program enhances students learning skills by developing individualized and efficient methods of studying, comprehending, and writing in the law school environment. Professor Wonsowicz has served as both the President of the Association of Academic Support Educators and as the Chair of the American Association of Law Schools Academic Support Section. Professor Wonsowicz is the author of a casebook on evidence law and lectures nationally on bar exam-related topics. His research interests focus on evidence law, products liability, legal education, and the bar exam. Prior to becoming a professor, he practiced law in Boston, Massachusetts, as a trial attorney specializing in toxic tort and product liability cases. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 wonsowicz@law.ucla.edu 
 Michael A. Woronoff Partner, Proskauer Rose, LLP Adjunct Faculty B.S. Purdue University M.S. Purdue University, 1982 J.D. University of Michigan, 1985 Biography Courses Michael Woronoff teaches Venture Capital and the Start-Up Company . He received his B.S. and M.S. degrees from Purdue University (1982), and his J.D., cum laude , from the University of Michigan (1985), where he was Notes Editor of the Journal of Law Reform and the recipient of the Emmett E. Eagan award. Mr. Woronoff is a Partner at Kirkland & Ellis LLP. Prior to joining Kirkland, he was a partner at Proskauer Rose, LLP, and head of the firm's Los Angeles office. Prior to joining Proskauer, he co-founded, and was a principal of, Shelter Capital Partners, a Southern California based private equity fund. Mr. Woronoff serves on the Board of Directors of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (NYSE: ARE), an urban office REIT uniquely focused on collaborative life science and technology campuses, which was recognized by Silicon Valley Bank as the most active biopharma investor by new deal volume in 20172018, and ranked by Forbes as the #1 venture capital investor in the healthcare sector by U.S.-based 2018 deal volume. He has also served on the Board of Directors of several start-up and emerging companies, including AccessDNA, Inc., TransDimension, Inc. and u-Nav Microelectronics, Inc. Mr. Woronoff is a frequent author and lecturer on a variety of corporate and securities law topics. Among other things, he has authored or co-authored: Random Thoughts on Private Equity Practice, in Deal Strategies for Venture Capital and Private Equity Lawyers ; Effective vs. Nominal Valuations in Venture Capital Investing, 2 NYU Journal of Law & Business 199 (2005); Understanding Anti-dilution Provisions in Convertible Securities, 74 Fordham Law Review 129 (2005); and Confidentiality, in Negotiating and Drafting Contract Boilerplate . He also writes frequently on teaching transactional law. His articles include What Law Schools Should Teach Future Transactional Lawyers, UCLA School of Law, Law-Econ Research Paper No. 09-17 (available at: http://ssrn.com/abstract=1430087 ), Teaching Numeracy, Tennessee Journal of Business Law (available at SSRN: http://ssrn.com/abstract=1833882 ), and Using a Venture Capital Class to Teach Transactional Skills, Tennessee Journal of Business Law (available at: http://ssrn.com/abstract=1292477 ). Mr. Woronoff has been nationally recognized by leading legal and business publications as one of the top corporate lawyers in the nation. He was the exclusive winner of Lexologys Client Choice Award in the category of Mergers & Acquisitions (California), in both 2019 and 2018. He was named one of Los Angeles Most Influential Private Equity Advisors by the Los Angeles Business Journal in 2019; and for the sixth time, one of the Top 100 Lawyers in California by the Daily Journal in 2018. In 2016, he was named the "Lawyer of the Year for Corporate Law in Los Angeles by The Best Lawyers in America , which recognizes only a single lawyer in that category. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 woronoff@law.ucla.edu 
 Ryan Worrell Lecturer in Law J.D. University of Wisconsin Law School, 2005 LL.M. UCLA School of Law, 2009 Biography Courses Ryan Worrell currently serves as Vice President, Legal Affairs for Twentieth Century Fox Television, where he handles a broad range of entertainment law matters for television series like The Simpsons , Modern Family , and This is Us . His practice primarily focuses on legal aspects of television production, rights and acquisition agreements, and digital exploitation of scripted content. He teaches Contract Drafting at UCLA School of Law. Worrell received his J.D. from the University of Wisconsin Law School, and his LL.M. in Entertainment, Media, and Intellectual Property Law from UCLA School of Law, where he was Articles Editor for the UCLA Entertainment Law Review and Intellectual Property Colloquium Editor for the Journal of Law and Technology . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 
 Stephen C. Yeazell David G. Price and Dallas P. Price Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus B.A. Swarthmore, 1967 M.A. English and Comparative Literature, Columbia, 1968 J.D. Harvard, 1974 UCLA Law faculty since 1975 Biography Bibliography Courses Stephen Yeazell writes about the history, theory, and dynamics of modern civil litigation. His courses correspond to these interests. He has received the campuss highest awards for his teaching (the University's Distinguished Teaching Award), his research (the UCLA Faculty Research Lectureship), and his service (the Carole E. Goldberg award for distinguished service by an emeritus professor). He was also the first recipient of the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. He has served as Associate Dean of the School of Law, as Chair of the UCLA Academic Senate, and as Interim Dean of the School of Law. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences. Before studying law, Professor Yeazell did graduate work in English literature and taught English and history in junior high schools in New York City, an experience, he reports, that has made him appreciate the relative calm of even the feistiest law school class. After law school, he clerked for Justice Mathew Tobriner of the California Supreme Court. Professor Yeazell's books include From Medieval Group Litigation to the Modern Class Action (1987); Contemporary Civil Litigation (2009); Civil Procedure (10th ed., 2018, with Joanna Schwartz); and Lawsuits in a Market Economy: The Evolution of Civil Litigation (U.Chicago Press. 2018). : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 (310) 825-8404 yeazell@law.ucla.edu 
 Jonathan M. Zasloff Professor of Law B.A. Yale, 1987 J.D. Yale, 1993 M.Phil. International Relations, Cambridge, 1988 M.A. History, Harvard, 1990 Ph.D. Harvard, 2000 UCLA Law faculty since 1998 Biography Bibliography Courses Jonathan Zasloff teaches Torts , Land Use, Environmental Law, Comparative Urban Planning Law, Legal History , and Public Policy Clinic - Land Use, the Environmentand Local Government . He grew up and still lives in the San Fernando Valley, about which he remains immensely proud (to the mystification of his friends and colleagues). After graduating from Yale Law School, and while clerking for a federal appeals court judge in Boston, he decided to return to Los Angeles shortly after the January 1994 Northridge earthquake, reasoning that he would gladly risk tremors in order to avoid the average New England wind chill temperature of negative 55 degrees. Professor Zasloff has a keen interest in world politics; he holds a Ph.D. in the history of American foreign policy from Harvard and an M.Phil. in International Relations from Cambridge University. Much of his recent work concerns the influence of lawyers and legalism in U.S. external relations, and he has published articles on these subjects in the New York University Law Review and the Yale Law Journal . More generally, his recent interests focus on the response of public institutions to social problems, and the role of ideology in framing policy responses. Professor Zasloff has long been active in state and local politics and policy. He recently co-authored an article discussing the relationship of Proposition 13 (California's landmark tax limitation initiative) and school finance reform, and served for several years as a senior policy advisor to the Speaker of the California Assembly. His practice background reflects these interests: for two years, he represented welfare recipients attempting to obtain child care benefits and microbusinesses in low-income areas. He then practiced for two more years at one of Los Angeles' leading public interest environmental and land use firms, challenging poorly planned development and working to expand the network of the city's urban park system. He currently serves as a member of the boards of the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy (a state agency charged with purchasing and protecting open space), the Los Angeles Center for Law and Justice (the leading legal service firm for low-income clients in east Los Angeles), and Friends of Israel's Environment. Professor Zasloff's other major activity consists in explaining the Triangle Offense to his very patient wife, Kathy. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 zasloff@law.ucla.edu 
 Noah D. Zatz Professor of Law A.B. Cornell University, 1994 M.A. Cornell University, 1996 J.D. Yale, 1999 UCLA Law faculty since 2004 Biography Bibliography Courses Noah Zatz's interests include employment & labor law, welfare law and antipoverty policy, critical race & feminist theory, and liberal political theory. His writing and teaching address how work structures both inequality and social citizenship in the modern welfare state. Zatz's primary focus is on which activities become recognized and protected as "work," how work is defined in relationship to markets, and how the boundaries of markets are themselves mediated by gender and race, among other things. His published scholarship engages these questions by studying the legal concepts of "work" in welfare work requirements and "employment" in labor & employment law, especially with regard to the status of family caretaking, prison labor, workfare, sex work, and court-ordered employment or work programs. Another major interest is how antidiscrimination law, and employment law more generally, address labor market inequality that is jointly produced by workers interactions with employers, coworkers, and actors outside the workplace. His recent work in this vein analyzes the theoretical basis for the "disparate impact" claim of discrimination, with an emphasis on the significance of intra-group differences and the importance they take on in contexts such as racial exclusion based on criminal records. As a teacher, Zatz is committed to training public interest lawyers and to engaging students with law's possibilities both as an instrument of injustice and as a contributor to emancipatory social change. To these ends and others, Zatz is a core faculty member in UCLA's Critical Race Studies and Epstein Public Interest Law & Policy programs. Before entering law teaching, Zatz was awarded a Skadden Fellowship to work at the National Employment Law Project (NELP) in New York City. As a NELP staff attorney, he represented low-income individuals and community organizations in matters at the interface between the low-wage workplace and the welfare system. After law school, Zatz clerked for Judge Kimba M. Wood of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, and for Judge Guido Calabresi of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. He also has been a fellow at Princeton University's Program in Law and Public Affairs, a visiting fellow at the University of New Mexico School of Law and a visiting professor at the University of Chicago Law School and at Yale Law School. Zatz's current research explores "Get To Work or Go To Jail" schemes in which workers face incarceration for being unemployed or underemployed while under state supervision through systems such as probation or parole, child support enforcement, and collection of criminal justice debt. This project shows how precarious and exploited work is produced through active state construction of labor markets, not just through deregulation, and how the racial & economic stratification of contemporary criminal justice systems produces labor subordination, not only exclusion from employment. During the 2017-18 academic year, Zatz holds an Open Society Fellowship to develop this project. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 zatz@law.ucla.edu 
 Elana Zeide PULSE Fellow in Artificial Intelligence, Law & Policy B.A. Yale University, 1996 M.F.A. Columbia University School of the Arts, 2003 J.D. New York University School of Law, 2005 LL.M. New York University School of Law, 2012 Biography Elana Zeide is a PULSE Fellow in Artificial Intelligence, Law, and Policy at UCLA School of Law for 2018-2020. Her scholarship examines the data-driven technologies that increasingly shape our individual fates and collective values. Recent research focuses on the role of digital profiles, virtual reputations, and predictive analytics in education, finance, and employment decisions. She previously served as a Visiting Assistant Professor at Seton Hall Universitys School of Law, a Visiting Fellow at Yale School of Laws Information Society Project, a Microsoft Research Fellow at New York Universitys Information Law Institute and an Associate Research Scholar at Princeton Universitys Center for Information Technology Policy. She writes for both academic and popular publications including the University of Miami Law Review , New York University Law Review , and Slate . Zeide received her B.A. cum laude in American Studies from Yale University and her M.F.A. in Non-Fiction Writing from Columbia University School of the Arts, where she was a Claire Woolrich Fellow. After a career as a journalist in London and New York, Zeide earned a J.D. and LL.M from New York University School of Law, serving as Notes Editor of The New York University Law Review . Before entering academia, Zeide worked as a Litigation Associate at Cravath, Swaine & Moore and a Legal Analyst at Bloomberg Media before opening her own privacy and media law practice. She believes she is the only person to have both reported for and legally represented The National Enquirer . : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 zeide@law.ucla.edu 
 Kenneth Ziffren Partner, Ziffren Brittenham LLP Adjunct Faculty B.A. Northwestern, 1962 J.D. UCLA, 1965 UCLA Law faculty since 1969 Biography Courses Kenneth Ziffren is one of the leading entertainment lawyers in the nation. He teaches two seminars, Network Television and Motion Picture Distribution . He is Co-Chairman of the UCLA School of Law Board of Advisors, Chairman of the Entertainment & Media Law Program, and a member of the UCLA Campaign Cabinet. During law school, Professor Ziffren was editor-in-chief of the UCLA Law Review . After graduation, he clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren. He was a partner of Ziffren & Ziffren from 1967 to 1978, and, in 1979, became the founding partner of the successor law firm of Ziffren Brittenham. He served as a neutral mediator in resolving the Writer's Guild strike in 1988, acted on behalf of Starz in establishing a premium pay television service in 1994, and served as special outside counsel to the NFL in negotiating contracts with the networks as part of an extensive transactional practice in the entertainment and media industries. In addition to his courses and legal articles on entertainment law, Professor Ziffren has lectured at the UCLA and USC entertainment law symposia. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 ziffren@law.ucla.edu 
 Daniel Y. Zohar Lecturer in Law B.A. Duke University, 1990 J.D. UCLA School of Law, 1993 Biography Courses Daniel Y. Zohar teaches Transition to Small and Mid-Sized Practice . Zohar previously practiced law at Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker before starting his own firm, the Zohar Law Firm, P.C., in 1998. Since then, he has achieved exceptional results, registering over $862 million in jury verdicts, administrative orders, and settlements for clients and consumers. His practice focuses on contingency business and entertainment litigation, business torts, and consumer rights. Over the years, Zohar has litigated a variety of matters involving issues ranging from shareholder disputes, partnership disputes, executive compensation claims (including stock options and profit bonuses), 1st amendment rights, legal malpractice, real estate litigation, website domain disputes, copyright infringement, wrongful termination, catastrophic torts, trade secret theft, illegal insurance practices, Talent Agencies Act disputes, California Art Preservation Act (CAPA) & Visual Artists Rights Act (VARA) claims, and major league baseball arbitrations for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Zohar has been inducted as a member of the American Board of Trial Advocates. He is rated AV by Martindale-Hubbell, their highest peer review rating for ethical standards and legal ability. For fifteen years, he has been selected by his peers as one of Southern Californias Super Lawyers featured in Los Angeles Magazine . Zohar is the author of Finding Liability in the Absence of a Contract, The Advocate (February 2011); Lets Roll the Videotape! Basic Tips for Taking Video Depositions and Using them at Trial, The Advocate (March 2009); "What to Expect from the Defense," The Advocate (March 2013); "Trial Briefs and 402 Hearings," The Advocate (January 2016); and New Bar Admittees Going Solo Need Patience and Practicality, Los Angeles Daily Journal (November 2002). Before practicing law, Zohar worked as a tennis pro in England and Switzerland. An avid world traveler, he has visited 20 countries on 5 different continents. He is possibly the first person to ever hit tennis balls against the Great Wall of China. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 zohar@law.ucla.edu 
 Eric M. Zolt Michael H. Schill Distinguished Professor of Law B.S. Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 1974 M.B.A. University of Chicago, 1975 J.D. University of Chicago, 1978 UCLA Law faculty since 1985 Biography Bibliography Courses Eric Zolt joined UCLA in 1985. Before joining UCLA, he was a partner in the Chicago law firm of Kirkland & Ellis, where he specialized in individual and corporate tax matters. Before practicing law, Eric was on the research staff of the Center for Policy Alternatives, Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Eric teaches Introduction to Federal Income Taxation, Taxation of Business Entities, Taxation of International Transactions, Elements of Economic Organization (jointly offered with the UCLA Anderson School of Management), and seminars on Taxation and Democracy, Taxation and Development, and Comparative Tax Policy. A successful teacher, Eric received the University's Distinguished Teaching Award in just his fourth year of teaching. He has also received the Law School's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching (1997). Eric has been twice been elected by the graduating class as Professor of the Year. While on leave from UCLA, he served in the U.S. Department of the Treasury from 1989 through 1992. Eric served first as Deputy Tax Legislative Counsel in the Office of Tax Policy. In 1991, Eric then founded and served as the Director of the Treasury's Tax Advisory Program for Eastern Europe and the Former Soviet Union. Based at the U.S. Mission to the OECD in Paris, this program provided technical assistance to countries reforming their tax systems to be more compatible with a market economy. Eric later found out that Paris was not in Eastern Europe. Eric continues to serve as a consultant to the Treasury Department, US AID, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. He has provided tax policy advice in over 30 countries. In 2016, Eric was appointed to the Eminent Expert Group on Tax Policies and Public Expenditure Management for Sustainable Development, United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific. In 2002, Eric co-founded and served as the first Chair of the Executive Committee of the African Tax Institute, a training and research facility for tax policy and tax administration located at the University of Pretoria. In its first 15 years of operations, ATI has provided training to over 1,000 government tax officials from 20 different African countries. Eric has been a visiting professor at California Institute of Technology (Winter 2012); Harvard Law School (William K. Jacobs, Jr. Visiting Professor of Law, Spring 2008 and John Harvey Gregory Lecturer on World Organization, Fall 2000 through Fall 2002); University of Toronto (Distinguished Visiting Professor, Fall 2007); Yale Law School (Jacquin D. Bierman Visiting Professor of Taxation, Fall 1997, Fall 1999, and Fall 2005); and at Sciences Po Aix (Spring 2009, Spring 2010, and Spring 2016). Eric also served as the Director of Harvard Law School's International Tax Program from June 2000 through June 2003. : Contact Information UCLA School of Law 385 Charles E. Young Dr. East Los Angeles, CA, 90095 zolt@law.ucla.edu 
